In the morning I greet people with "Good morning" That's an abbreviation for "I wish you a good morning" or "Have a good morning".
Ph.D. is an abbreviation of the Latin phrase - philosophiae doctoratum.
Maybe "SL" is some sort of departmental abbreviation.
The number is preceded by the abbreviation "No" and is written as shown in the following examples. (There is a slight difference between Regulations and ECSC Decisions) :
Isn't it true that "Officer Effectiveness Training Report" doesn't appear... anywhere on any official document, and this is a phrase that you created... to explain this incorrect abbreviation in your memos?
This publication is the first volume of a collection which will include all the agreements concluded within the framework of European Cooperation in the field of Scientific and Technical Research, better known by its abbreviation COST.
I checked the other abbreviation. "HLA" is a coding system for tissue typing.
This publication is the fifth volume of a collection which includes all the agreements concluded within the framework of European cooperation in the field of scientific and technical research, better known by its abbreviation COST.
Oh, yeah. "P. Off." - You've used the abbreviation.
When ordering publications offering a choice of language, please insert the abbreviation of the language version you wish to receive ¡nslead of the ** sign in the catalogue number.
What I'm going to try and do now is to square, in my head, four two-digit numbers faster than they can do on their calculators, even using the shortcut method.
Should I take the shortcut through the woods today?
And he says, "And did you take the shortcut down Inverleith Row to get here to the infirmary?"
And within a day, we had decided that maybe we could take a shortcut to finding the structure of DNA.
But I will first teach you a method, how you can do it without moving the wrist, and then the shortcut.
That's OK. I'll give you a shortcut for multiplying even faster on the calculator.
Don't rush me. But if you want to get there, you can take the shortcut there about 12 miles.
The shortcut I took will get us to the cathedral before dusk.
Yes, sir... he's taking a shortcut across this bank, and thinking I'm going to get scared... and swing her off.
That's just what I've been doing... ever since I told that Napoleon fellow to take that shortcut through Waterloo.
Supposing a backbencher were to put down a question forthe Prime Minister, asking whetherthe Europass...
Traditionally, the budget spokesmen of almost all the political groups and the chairmen of the Committee on Budgets and the Committee on Budgetary Control table every Autumn an Oral Question with debate to the Commission pursuant to Rule 42 of the Rules of Procedure.
It seems like everywhere I go, you're breathing down my neck. Have I broken any laws? Good question.
This type of reference is assigned to a question when it is tabled.
The only course would be to ensure that the question was not tabled.
1) The President shall rule on the admissibility of supplementary questions andshall limit their number so that each Member who has put down a question may receive an answer to it.
The only way to stop him might be to get him to put down a question asking the Prime Minister to squash the rumours about the closure of the Department forAdministrative Affairs.
I should be grateful for an answer to this question, as this will enable us to prepare ourselves for our speaking time.
I had a question on the phone about the king of the Watusis.
The report was submitted in December 1985 (the Evrigenis report, PE 97.547) anddiscussed in plenary in January 1986 usingthe procedure of oral question with debate.
And not long after that, he got another request for a copy from the head of the EPA in California who used it as part of her presentation at an international conference on climate change in Sacramento last year.
Shortly after the conference was over, Joel got a request for a signed copy from the head of the EPA in Washington whose wall it now hangs on.
And earlier this year, he got a request from the Green Party in Australia who used it in their campaign where it became part of the debate that resulted in the Australian parliament adopting the most rigorous carbon tax regime of any country in the world.
Fast-forward more than two decades: Apple launches the iPhone in China and censors the Dalai Lama out along with several other politically sensitive applications at the request of the Chinese government for its Chinese app store.
The Enterprise has arrived at Kesprytt III in order to evaluate an unusual request on the part of the Kes for associate membership in the Federation.
It sets out the findings of a wideranging pilotstudy into the State of Occupational Safety and Health in the European Union, carried out by the Agency following a request from the European Commission.
At the request of the City of Chicago, the federal Government, specifically ... the Department of the Treasury has inaugurated a programme ... to deal with the flow of illegal liquor and the violence it creates.
No action having been taken in response to the Com mission's request, it initiated infringement procedures against all the Member States. On 28 April the Corn-
We have a request for a meeting regarding your case.
And as soon as they were alone, "Why don't you accept Monsieur Boulanger's kind offer?"
I politely turned down his offer and hung up.
Now, let me tell you, The James Randi Educational Foundation is waving this very big carrot, but I must say, the fact that nobody has taken us up on this offer doesn't mean that the powers don't exist.
Without giving any answer to this offer, K. stood still for some time.
It was wise of you to accept his offer.
It turns out that somebody lampooned here wrote to the snarky guy that does the site, not with a legal threat, not with an offer of payment, but just said, "Hey, would you mind?"
This is a limited time offer to new customers only.
I have given him the reasons why I cannot accept this offer.
A country of the economic power and importance of Japan ought to do better than provide only 3lh million dollars worth of aid in the present programme for Zimbabwe, and I would appeal to our Japanese friends to reconsider this very meagre offer.
Although we've received cooperation from men in your profession this is quite the most generous offer we've had.
You just needed to have a supply and demand and this audience who bought into you.
'I consider that a salary is payment for value received and should be subject to the law of supply and demand.
Investments in education are increasing the supply of new ideas.
We need a greater demand for ideas -- those larger markets I was talking about earlier -- and a greater supply of ideas for the world.
If a diamond company finds ten times the usual amount of diamonds during their mining, it means the supply of diamonds has increased, which means the cost and profit per diamond drops.
We have to accept that supply will always exist because the money to be gained in drug trafficking is so vast that smuggling will never be stopped entirely.
We're the ones with the supply, we're the ones who'll make the demands.
Young people in Hessen are encountering dificulties in finding training places: demand exceeds supply.
... Unfortunately can the supply on Krotchy Dolls not satisfy the demand .
The first follower is what transforms a lone nut into a leader.
So here's his first follower with a crucial role; he's going to show everyone else how to follow.
That, yes, it was the shirtless guy who was first, and he'll get all the credit, but it was really the first follower that transformed the lone nut into a leader.
Now, if you notice that the first follower is actually an underestimated form of leadership in itself.
As a follower of Islam, one of the evils we must be watchful for is the enticing beauty of women.
Based on a model similar to that of the Australian campaign, an initiative broadcast over the internet recommended declaring one’s self as a “Jedi” follower (the belief system of the main protagonists of the Star Wars saga).
If any follower or acolyte of Joe Carroll is willing to cooperate with the federal authorities, they will be given full immunity from prosecution for any crimes that he or she may have committed.
Every matching profile is a potential follower infected with the plague.
A follower of the Qun feels not love, for nothing should tyrannize their heart.
As a trustee, he has the run of the place, and of course the authorities don't know that he's a follower of Delgado.
Just one of the delightful things I found out, thanks to your bloody pendant.
2. set for children consisting^ of a base metal chain, a pendant in the shape of a watch, two earrings, two bracelets and two rings of plastic, put up in the same packing;
It could've come from a necklace or a pendant, an earring.
2. a base metal chain, a pendant in the shape of a watch, two earrings, two bracelets and two rings of plastic, put up in the same packing, must be classified in the Common Customs Tariff under subheading:
I don't see particles coming from the pendant.
1. a base metal chain, a cameo-type pendant of base metal and plastic, two earrings, a brooch and a ring of base metal and plastic, put up in the same packing;
Maybe someone came in our house, took the bumblebee pendant out of my closet... and placed it nicely in your drawer.
1. set for children consisting of a base metal chain with cameo-type pendant of base metal and plastic, two earrings, a brooch and a ring of base metal and plastic, put up in the same packing;
Ryan said she was wearing a pendant, a lizard with wings.
Anyway, I can get you pendants, but the only way to get close to Leo is by proving to the Valkyries you're one of them.
And so we built a laboratory in the back of an 18-wheeler trailer, and actually took the laboratory to the field where we could get better samples.
When that happens, the plan is to move her into that trailer, where she will make the ride to the folding hacility.
For example: a trailer containing 1,000 boxes of blond tobacco, produces a loss to any EU Member State of 688,000 Ecu via lost taxes.
You will now all march in an orderly fashion into this trailer.
Answers were found to these key questions concerning new uses for conventional cheese-making techniques, and the result involves a custommade compact trailer containing two gas-powered cheese vats.
Now that Bud has hitched his trailer to Gary's sagging bumper you're in for a long ride on easy street.
(ii) the maximum load length including the distance between the motor vehicle and the trailer (the coupling device) will be fixed at 16 m, leaving 2.35 m for the driver's cab and 35 cm for the coupling device.
The thief drove the pigs out through the back... then loaded them into a trailer about a quarter of a mile past the fence.
Some of the information about the vehicle (marked #) may change during the survey period; for example, a lorry may do some journeys with a trailer and some without.
Well, I locked him in that trailer you prepared, but I still think he'd be a lot more secure in a prison.
In pursuit of the Holy Grail of medieval Gs... I've built a rig, simulated a joust... and I'm confident that my accelerometers will stand up to the heat of battle.
For this purpose the rig will be subjected to several thousand cycles of automatic operating sequences.
I can get 20 tons of gravel a day on this rig.
Since mid-1964 a rig for studying the effects of an explosion in an ORGEL reactor channel has been operating at Ispra.
Until this morning, Roy Vickers could have put away Cliff and Ryland for blowing the rig.
You know, you've got some huevos bringing that thing into my rig.
What do I have to do to get you to tell the truth about my father and Ryland being behind the rig sabotage, Mr. Vickers?
They toured the facility and were asked if there were any questions, and inevitably the same question arose: "Is this plant integrated or what?"
You're going to open an offshore plant in China, you're going to spend it all on sales and marketing, you're going to go to Tahiti, or whatever out there.
He also received a visit from the leader of the black community, a minister, who said, "Mr. Teszler, I sure hope you're going to hire some black workers for this new plant of yours."
"Good. Buy us some land in Kings Mountain and announce we are going to build a major plant there."
The convoys come down the Hammelburg road then turn here to the plant.
Let me make it clear that I am not seeking to put the plant on trial again.
Because of this bias, we ignore what's going on here at this plant. We ignore it at our own risk.
Meanwhile, it can be noted that the present, smaller-scale plant for reprocessing fast reactor fuel at Dounreay was already subject to Article 37 procedures in 1980.
This plant will produce a new high-velocity, armor-piercing shell.
In the present case, according to the opinion delivered by the Commission on 22 October 1986 on the Cattenom plant under the terms of Article 37 of the Euratom Treaty, there is no suggestion of any infringement of these Basic Safety Standards.
the idea is he's got six different species of animals, as well as some plants, growing in this very elaborate symbiotic arrangement.
What he describes is the underground arrangement of the crematorium.
The arrangement of the screen, of the keyboard and of the printer as well as of the reference documents and of other documentation aids on the work desk
For instance, will you kindly explain how the dishes that were on this table could have been knocked off in the struggle and this silver milk jug left standing and all these knives and forks and spoons in perfect arrangement?
This arrangement is the cause of the leaf-like shape of clay minerals.
Just so you know, this whole arrangement... not my idea.
- and the arrangement of his desk. - Yes. And?
The class hierarchical arrangement is a basic component of the mechanism for class formation.
Maybe the arrangement of the bodies has some meaning for the killer or killers.
Secondly, two distinct land cover features having the same set of classifiers to describe them may differ in the hierarchical arrangement of these classifiers in order to ensure a high geographic accuracy.
And by this weird quirk of alphabetical order of the nations, a lot of the low-lying states, like Kiribati and Nauru, they were seated at the very end of these immensely long rows.
I've got the general's order to arrest Shaolin culprits from Xichan Temple
No order for removal or destruction of articles consti- at the request of a party,
However, it has long been our custom... to carry out the last order of a retiring Senior Judge.
The contraaor shall not be entitled to such additions to the contraa price unless he notifies the supervisor, within 30 days after receipt of the order to suspend the works, of his intention to make a daim for them.
If you defy an order of the High Council, the alliance with the Federation could fall to dust!
In case of default on the part of the supplier in carrying out such order, the contracting authority shall be entitled to employ other persons to carry out the orders and all expenses consequent thereon or incidental thereto
- Alexi Makarov was freed five weeks ago by a secret order of clemency from Gorbachev himself.
Save as provided by Artide 37.2 prior to any administrative order for variation, the supervisor shall notify the contraaor of the nature and form of such variation.
I wanted to close with one story, which we think could potentially be a clinical application.
Master Jacques Charmolue interposed sweetly,−− "In view of the sad obstinacy of the accused, I demand the application of the torture."
This application runs on Tom's phone, but not on Mary's.
So you're still using the grid potentially, in this type of application, to be your back-up supply -- of course, you can't use these at night, and you can't use these on cloudy days.
The application allows you to quickly calculate the ratio of body mass index - BMI.
And once you've trained up the detections, these thoughts can be assigned or mapped to any computing platform, application or device.
This means you can reuse them freely for a textbook, for an application, for a research project, for anything!
Says that proof of its practical application is pretty shaky.
The Council stated that the Phare Programme would focus on accession by setting two priority aims: the reinforcement of administrative and judicial capacity, and investments related to the adoption and application of the acquis.
The function of the dominant would then be to select from among his fellow subjects the one psychically most vulnerable. And by the application of subtle, social intimidations followed by a careful series of potent symbolic gestures draw the subject into the field of his psycho-telepathic dominance.
You'll attend the usage of the theorem of Pythagoras.
Rest assured, if we wanted to prove Theft and usage, we could.
Table 2.5 — Contraception usage and fertility in countries comprising the EU 15
One of the routes selected should ensure the absorption of the drug if this is relevant to human usage.
The same applies to substances which have been shown by controlled trials to be efficacious and safe by wide usage over a period of at least three years in the clinical treatment of human beings or animals.
Human activities (agriculture, industry, domestic usage, etc.) cause water pollution.
On the other hand the usage of professional advice might have improved proposal quality and hence have a positive effect on project quality.
One of the routes selected should ensure the absorption of the drug if this is relevant to human usage.
And given the extraordinary amount of nosocomial infections, or hospital-acquired infections, this is a clue that it's a good time to reconsider our current practices.
You may have seen this in other forms, but the top line is the amount of protected area on land, globally, and it's about 12 percent.
Now that expense can be huge, but if the town can mobilize X amount of volunteers for Y hours, the dollar value of that labor used goes toward the town's contribution.
So the body has the ability to regulate the amount of blood vessels that are present at any given time.
The homeowners association has very strict rules about the amount of lights that you can display in front of your house, and they already have those lawn twinklers.
The considerable rise in the amount of people taking advantage of tertiary education is partly due to the increased participation, in general, of women in post compulsory education.
They never actually wore these stupid helmets, and because they had a limited amount of land on which to farm, they only pillaged to survive.
Changes of a species' competitive ability might also result, if the amount or quality of seeds were affected. Thus, studies of seed pro duction and quality and their effects on seedling development must be included.
With that amount of naked breasts in one place... we--We-- We can't help ourselves. We--We home.
Including those from previous ses sions, a total of 281 petitions are currently being dealt with.
We measure complexity and fidelity of data in terms of polygonal count.
Then he drew from his pocket a list of goods not paid for; to wit, the curtains, the carpet, the material for the armchairs, several dresses, and divers articles of dress, the bills for which amounted to about two thousand francs.
We have these maquettes scanned into the computer at very high resolution -- enormous polygonal count.
My copy count didn't reconcile with the machine.
Source: Count of contracts (host actions) and FP6 report (Individual actions).
Look, Josh's blood work shows that he's anaemic with a high white cell count.
No fever, no elevated white count, which rules out infection.
On the first count, we should feel confident in arguing that women have a simple democratic right to a roughly proportional presence in all activities and on all decisionmaking bodies of European Industry Committees, the ETUC, and other social dialogue institutions.
A good count of these men were acquired in my absence.
Let me add to this list some partners ^vho are not to be neglected because we are embarking upon the venture of enlarge ment, our Mediterranean partners.
You told me you had a nice ass. Was that a misleading statement then?
You keep your won'thless butt off my property, you hear!
Don't worry, I'll still kick your ass.
Why, that one's naked as a jaybird's ass.
You were flattened out on your butt, swimming in glory and whiskey probably deciding how you could lose.
Any room for a rabbit's arse, Jack?
But after a few weeks I believe that person would want to take some stock in himself and think about getting off his ass.
All you do is shake your arse and cling to men.
When that rope starts to pull tight, you can feel the devil bite your ass.
Like kissing a corporal's ass to get food?
So Matthew's stuck because this rich prick can buy his way in?
And if she gets on a plane and goes to Peru with the prick, she's still not missing.
I'm not even gonna do a year, that baldheaded prick.
The guy's a total prick, he'll do a good job, believe me.
What I wouldn't give to know what heavy feels like,... ..you insensitive prick.
I had one prick for months in my dreams.
I'II be honest with you. I'm a selfiish prick.
Well, what he actually said was you were a high-handed, arrogant prick.
He was a big guy, he was a big dick.
- National "Richard's a prick" day.
And one article that really stood out to me when I was just reading about this, trying to figure out why cancer doesn't go to skeletal muscle, was that it had reported 16 percent of micro-metastases to skeletal muscle upon autopsy.
I hope that Japan will abide by Article 9 of her Constitution.
Dr. Boyce, at the University of Chicago, published an article in the Journal of Geology this past year determining that Prototaxites was a giant fungus, a giant mushroom.
This journalist, whose article you were so interested in, is my neighbor.
In fact, some years ago, Bill Joy wrote an article expressing tremendous concern about robots taking us over, etc.
When writing for a German newspaper, every few sentences you should replace some grammatical case with a dative, or a noun with its English translation, to make your article linguistically more interesting.
Ladies and gentlemen, this will be the most important article ever in the Dodge City Star.
The objectives of the Foundation as outlined in Article 1 of the regulation are to:
I suppose congratulations are again in order... but have you forgotten there's an article in our agreement... forbidding the taking of women prisoners?
Each Division has three mem for processing and deciding on applications bers who examine the substance of the files for the revocation or declaration of invalidity and take decisions, in accordance with Article of a Community trade mark. Only a trade mark
If you're a smart retailer, then, you will put a very expensive item that nobody will ever buy on the shelf, because suddenly the $33 wine doesn't look as expensive in comparison.
They key here is that people have ceased to be that capital purchase item and become like Styrofoam cups.
Not that the item was serious at all, but I just thought I'd phone you...
PRESIDENT. — The next item is the joint debate on the following motions for resulutions :
Yeah, in a small item in the second section. It says the local DA is missing.
In 1962, "Ha'olam Haze" (weekly) published an item in which journalist Uri Aloni exposed the creator of the genre.
On Item 9260, I have two draft amendments, on which the Committee on Budgets has given an unfavourable opinion :
MR. ARM BRUST-- JUST TELL H ER TO TAKE IT BACK TO THE DEPARTM ENT WHERE SHE PU RCHASED THE ITEM.
The first item on the agenda this morning very clearly stated that all my amendments and those of the Gaullists had been with drawn.
That kind ot item has to be reserved... for those units whose tighting readiness... supersede yours.
And that's probably because that's when everybody got aware of the environment and Earth Day and all the stuff that happened in the '60s with the Hippies and everything really did, I think, have an affect on global awareness.
Only an awareness that we have a credible threat...
The Group calls for the establishment by the Commission of a Board composed of eminent figures from all sectors concerned, including the social partners, to work on the framework for implementing the information society and to promote public awareness of its opportunities and challenges.
1) and in particular Title IV, Chapter 5 : 'Promotion of awareness of environmental problems and education'.
- enoourage the progressive development of activities designed to inorease awareness, provide information and promote local initiative in the various fields covered by the integrated programme;
But look what happened in Europe after the plague: rising wages, land reform, technological innovation, birth of the middle class; and after that, forward-looking social movements like the Renaissance, and later the Enlightenment.
Enlightenment is man’s leaving his self-imposed immaturity.
And that implies testability, the scientific method, the Enlightenment, and everything.
Enlightenment is man's emergence from his self-incurred immaturity.
And instead, they'll be planning for the future and starting to build the 22nd Century Enlightenment.
So, we gave you the Renaissance, the Enlightenment, scientific revolution.
We have come a long way from the philosophy of the Enlightenment when scientists could be viewed as society's rational guides.
that are illustrated, non-illustrated hard-bound, paperback, jacketed, non-jacketed with foreword, introduction, table-of-contents, index that are intended for the enlightenment, understanding enrichment, enhancement and education of the human brain through the sensory route of vision, sometimes touch
No, we subsidise education, enlightenment, spiritual uplift.
I therefore call in my report - and here I turn to the Commission - for the very rapid setting up of a le gal framework, so that the consumer can decide what to buy on the basis of enlightenment and appropriate product labelling.
Prior to hostile Japanese action you are directed to undertake reconnaissance and other measures as you deem necessary.
The police force of the organising country should appoint an information officer to be attached to the support team responsible for reconnaissance or spotting.
Has our reconnaissance detected any outgoing communications since he straightened out his flight pattern?
The main defence applications ofoptonics are related to reconnaissance, identification, range findingand missile guidanöi. [n Germany, Daimler-Benz and Carl Zeiss had a combined market share ofaround 40 7u for miliAry optronics.
The Member States of the European Union have also established common capability goals (command and control, reconnaissance and strategic transport).
Carl and I will get there ahead of you, do on-sight reconnaissance, find a spot, and once we have it, we'll let you know.
These airships can be used in an emergency but they're normally for reconnaissance.
Men and women of full age, without any limitation due to race, nationality or religion, have the right to marry and to found a family. They are entitled to equal rights as to marriage, during marriage and at its dissolution.
Tom and Mary announced the dissolution of their marriage.
Fifteen countries that became independent with the dissolution of the Soviet union, in alphabetical order.
The Commission supports the conclusions of the Vienna European Council, which call for the disarmament and dissolution of these militias and which also ask that a United Nations mission be sent to the area in order to ease the tension.
I could announce the dissolution of the Senate... at the celebration to honor our father.
The priory was looted during the dissolution of the monasteries.
The motion of the Committee on Transport draws attention to the urgent case of Eurocontrol and calls for its dissolution to be avoided or for it to be given a specific, albeit limited, function.
Says here that they filed for dissolution... earlier today.
There are also robots, for example, who can recognize weeds with a resolution of half an inch.
But when it's backlit, it's color; and when it's frontlit, it's black and white at three times the resolution.
And so we can accurately -- if the magnet is big enough, and your resolution is high enough -- you can actually detect all of the proteins in the body and start to get an understanding of the individual system.
And this is also due to these fantastic new scanners, that just in 0.3 seconds, I can scan the whole heart, and I can do that with time resolution.
Setting a standard age for the Resolution makes it uniform.
The five basic attributes describing land cover (woody, herbaceous, bare soil, artefact, water) may be easily populated with earth observation data (both low and high resolution) on large areas for mapping purposes.
15 to 20 centuries ago, we had no Resolution. We had no such concern for our elders.
The planned improvement in the spectral resolution of Landsat 6 will in any case have a positive effect on the usability of smaller trial fields.
Amazing resolution, LCD touchscreen, all mag backlight sensor...
Among the international projects at regional and continental level, it should be highlighted the CORINE and CORINE-Phare Projects within the EEA, which is generating land-cover information for Europe using TM imagery, achieving high resolution and accuracy.
The tips (W) then hit the cartridges opposite, thus igniting through the impact on the cartridge primers the blasting caps Y, inserted at a short distance from them
The impact must occur at the centre of the test piece.
On impact, the atmospheric adaptation must've tried to compensate.
The planet seems to have stopped at 62 miles from impact.
The wing ripped off upon impact, scattering debris over 100 yards.
Do not tighten up or clench your fists... until the moment of impact.
I did nothing more than shield President Hathaway from the impact when the airplane crashed.
It would seem that, on one day, for the second time in history, an entire plane, along with its passengers, disappeared upon impact.
knocking light poles out of the ground and bouncing off of the lawn before impact.
Initial impact in the 43rd Bomb Wing at Loring, 319th at Grand Forks, and Alaskan Air Command, Elmendorf.
If you ever work up a serve to go with that backhand, it's gonna be a dark day in Peking, babe.
Which also happens to be a serve that fails to be placed in the correct area of the court.
To sleep over, I'd have to keep winning the serve.
Come on, you can do it, you've got a powerful serve.
And I'll waive his 10% service charge. Damn it.
Keep the ball in front of you on the serve. See?
It's a serve where the tennis ball is not touched by the receiver.
I thought we could head over to my tennis club. I'll show you what's going on with my serve.
Rather like letting your partner down in tennis by not holding your serve.
For the past 3 days, I can't even receive a simple serve.
So far as the principle of subsidiarity is concerned, it seems to me a simple statement of fact that what we are talking about is the allocation of power as between the Commission and Member States.
There is therefore no possibility of an allocation system between Member States.
Distribution of documents Public conduct of proceedings Calling speakers and content of speeches Allocation of speaking time List of speakers Personal statements Order in the chamber Exclusion of Members Disturbances
However, after studying the arrangement between Denmark and Germany, the Commission is prepared, since the differences are very minor and having regard also to the views of this Parliament, to accept the allocation provided for in the arrangement.
Calling speakers and content of speeches Allocation of speaking time List of speakers Personal statements Orderin the chamber Exclusion of Members Disturbances
2. the forecasts in respect of implementation of the 1991 budget and allocation of the ECU 800 million earmarked under the programme up to 1993, also broken down by frontiers ?
Let me say a word now about the distribution of power and how it relates to power diffusion and then pull these two types together.
Miguel did all the distribution and decorating, and everything.
Should not the Community address the question of a new North-South dialogue and plead for a fairer distribution of oil revenues ?
Mrs Dujardin, head of training and staff distribution.
In addition to the above-mentioned points, at the final selection stage the European Commission may take into account the distribution of projects between institutions and regions in the partner countries.
This is likely the most reasonable distribution given our relative strengths.
The distribution of investment between modes, in Italy as elsewhere, is marked by the predominance of road transport (65.1% in 1985, 71.35 in 1993).
Nor can we ignore the injustice in the distribution of oil wealth.
I've had a clean record for 30 years at the railroad.
These analyses and the resulting balance sheets are needed for the purposes of any project promoter: State, local authority, railway Undertaking or any other public or private player.
Check the rate sheet, the railroad overcharged us.
- Travel costs to the nearest doctor: 2nd class railway fare. - Transport costs: on the basis of the official scales for road carriage by ambulance.
I signed up for the Army to be shut of the railroad.
As from 1 July the European Union countries which have not yet done so will have to throw open the telecommunication networks of such public services as the railways, water and power to the new telematic services.
What with the railroad and this black stuff springing up everywhere, a man just can't grow a decent ear of corn.
So, highspeed train operability will, as highspeed trains become more extensive, enter the main stream of political vocabulary.
Not mine, not the Army's, not the railroad's.
This series of decisions marks a turning point in the evolution of the Community's railway policy.
And you can see that it kind of hockey sticks up around the 1960s and '70s, and it's on kind of a nice trajectory right now.
And yet, at the same time, this very well may be a seminal moment in American history, an opportunity for the consumer to actually take control and guide us to a new trajectory in America.
Now, display the actual trajectory and identify the termination point.
At every point of impart on the surface to be tested, the direction of impact shall be the tangent to the trajectory of the headform of the measuring apparatus described in Annex II.
But you see Mr Stoke was on a... a particular trajectory.
Prevent the present cyclical down-turn from becoming a cumulative recession, and assure that the likely recovery of growth in 1981 keeps to a sustainable trajectory.
Anyway, Turks Caicos are on the same trajectory as Cuba, so every time they pass over.
The coloured dotted line shows the trajectory of the incident ion.
We must adjust its trajectory by 1.2 degrees to ensure the colonists' safety.
At the end of its trajectory, the incident ion may either be in an interstitial position (case A) or in a sttbstitionalposition, having projected a lattice atom into an inter stitial position (case B).
Then, if his eyes fell upon the workbox, a ribbon lying about, or even a pin left in a crack of the table, he began to dream, and looked so sad that she became as sad as he.
I used a ribbon to tie my hair into a ponytail.
His eyes were bloodshot, and he wore a little queue tied with black ribbon.
In one place, far from the section usually traversed by tourists, the names "BECKY & TOM" had been found traced upon the rocky wall with candle-smoke, and near at hand a grease-soiled bit of ribbon.
Leon, on the floor by her side, found under his hand a ribbon of scarlet silk.
Mrs. Thatcher recognized the ribbon and cried over it.
Now that you've got that piece of ribbon I should order you to stay behind with us at headquarters.
source with essentially no activity; two Ir-192 sources were lost (they were separated from the ribbon and left unsecured); a leaking 1-125 source was re-used; sources withdrawn from clinical use were used with incompatible applicator.
I hope you're wearing that yellow ribbon for me.
His Majesty's Medal, blue ribbon (1993).
The entire Encyclopedia Britannica bound in a single volume, for travel purposes.
Levin read the second volume of them, and in spite of its polemical, polished, and witty style, which at first repelled him, he was struck by its teaching about the Church.
This dictionary, of which the third volume is missing, cost me a hundred dollars.
It's called "The Apples of New York" and this is the second volume.
The lad stooped, but Homais was the quicker, and, having picked up the volume, contemplated it with staring eyes and open mouth.
A page of history is worth a volume of logic.
That's not my claim, that's a CIA claim -- you can read it, it was declassified a while ago. You can read it in a volume edited by H. Bradford Westerfield, Yale University Press.
I showed him the volume on the shelf: he took it down, and withdrawing to his accustomed window recess, he began to read it.
His book on child-murderers. It's that case in Draguignan. I'm in a spot.
I read the first volume to pieces and wept over it till the parts I loved most were illegible, then bought another.
The afternoon of the murder Rosaleen Cloade telephoned to her bankers to arrange the withdrawal of £20,000...in cash.
According to bankers, SMEs which communicate well have a greater chance of being granted loans.
Much more fun shooting paper airplanes, than setting with the bankers.
The mutual incomprehension which sometimes bedevils relations between the heads of business undertakings and their bankers is attributable, in many cases, to their different professional training, different approaches to problems and different mentalities fashioned by the exercise of their respective professions.
The bankers in Livingston and El Paso want this for three years now.
But when you can't get the parts you need... and nothing works when you do get them... and the bankers won't return your phone calls... I got sick of hearing it was just all bad luck.
Nobody would believe me if I told them the bankers were the CIA.
Still life on a rooftop, dead trees in barrels, a bench broken, dogs, excrement, sky.
Under the shelf with the icons stood a table decorated with a painted pattern, a bench, and two chairs. By the door stood a little cupboard with crockery.
I'm going to sit on the bench over there, next to the street lamp.
This bench, although it was uncomfortable for my mom -- she didn't like sitting on it, so she went and bought these cushions for me from a local jumble sale -- reusing, a job that was pretty good.
Miss Miller signed to me to sit on a bench near the door, then walking up to the top of the long room she cried out--
I saw a young man lying on the bench under the cherry tree in the park.
If I see it in a game, you're going to come out and sit on the bench.
There was a man there, half sitting, half laying, his face was buried in his arm on the bench and he seemed to be sleeping; another man was standing in the half-dark at the end of the corridor.
My dog Wolfgang always sleeps beside me on the bench while I'm working at the computer.
All right, now, you fellas hop right up here on the bench.
Like getting off my butt and out of the den.
The partially-built bridge and tunnel link which will connect Denmark and Sweden has a potentially major role to play in the development of Bornholm.
Like the fox in its den And the eagle in its nest.
So the rabbit knew it was smarter to stay in his own burrow... than moving away and getting eaten up by a kangaroo.
These two dams would be linked by a tunnel, which due to the principle of communicating vessels, would maintain a certain level of water on each side.
The sucking child shall play over the hole of the asp and the weaned child shall put his hand on the adder's den.
How many scenes in that film do you see Patton in his den, sitting on his butt, looking for his remote?
The Community supports major projects like the EC's high-speed train system, the Channel tunnel, the modernization of Europe's air-traffic control.
We're invading the den, trying to take away their one chance at reproducing. Which we're gonna do.
Ever since he retired, he just sits like a lump in his den, and watches the same old war movie over and over and over.
So, this is just in construction, and there's a tensegrity structure.
BY THE END OF SEPTEMBER the timber for the buildings to be erected on the land let to the peasant-group was carted, the butter was all sold and the profits divided.
The new station building is under construction and will be completed soon.
Five weeks ago, a group of activists from the business community gathered together to stop a Texas utility from building nine coal-fired electrical plants that would have contributed to destroying the environment.
'Es ist ein ganz einfaches Ding,' [Oh, yes! It is quite a simple thing.] and he began to explain the construction of the machine.
The new library has been under construction since last year.
So, as you can imagine, this was a paradigm shift in the survey and construction as well as in reality capture industry.
How much money has been spent on building the museum?
— in order to ensure maximum safety conditions for the planning, construction and operation of nuclear power stations, the most stringent possible standards should be applied;
I know how splendid because I've supervised its building.
She's afraid they'd put her in jail.
He comes up before the bench for poaching, gets six months in jail.
You miss a visit, go to jail. Got it?
So, you help me find him and what he's looking for or you'll rot in jail and we kill your father.
Back in jail, we knew two Kemals, Mustafa Kemal and Dodo Kemal.
Keep stonewalling us, pal, you go to jail.
You help me out in prison, you figure I owe you my life, is that it?
They take him out of jail, and the bastard with the dogcart throws the dead man on top after he's killed himself.
It's all that's left of the original prison from the 1870s.
Without powder, without informants, no one's going to jail.
'Well, then, you are satisfied with your day, and so am I. First of all I solved two chess problems – one a very good one, beginning with a pawn move.
You were wrong. Don't you see that I'm a pawn in this, too?
Are you a pawn or a King, Raoul?
You know what? Right now i feel like a pawn That's being pushed around by two queens.
Your pawn can only move two spaces on the first move.
Queen takes knight, rook takes queen, pawn takes rook.
You've been a pawn in our decrepit marriage for far too long, and I owe you an apology.
He´s Just a pawn - one false move and he´s gone.
If the game of chess had undergone the same development as humans... the queen would be in front, the rooks would be crooked... and the pawn would be the main piece.
Now if a pawn... makes it all the way down to the other dude's side... he gets to be queen.
Before I discovered the wonders of science, I was just a simple farmer in a country of poor farmers.
The coachman started, but hardly had they gone round the corner when the peasants called out to them.
When the farmer drops dead off the tractor, then at the edge of the forest, there must be a reactor.
The average small village farmer works on two acres or less.
All the impressions of that day, beginning with the impression of the peasant at the halfway-house which seemed to serve as a foundation for all the other impressions and ideas, agitated Levin greatly.
The farmer dug a hole so he could plant a tree.
Let's say I'm a fisherman and a farmer.
'Come along! Never mind!' shouted a merry, bearded, red-faced peasant; showing a row of white teeth and holding aloft a greenish vodka bottle that glittered in the sunshine.
The farmer caught the boy stealing the apples in his orchard.
Edward is still a pretty little calf, but the farmer told me recently that he'll surely grow up to be a big ox.
A bass drum, a snare drum, and cymbals were once all a composer needed to make a work sound exotic.
You don't tell a great violinist to hold his bow differently. You don't tell a great cymbal player to crash his cymbals differently.
Percussion musical instruments (for example drums, xylophones, cymbals, castanets)
When the Stars Hollow orchestra begins to play in the gazebo... with the guy banging the cymbals, it drives me nuts.
Percussion musical instruments (for example, drums, xylophones, cymbals, castanets)
Keep the cymbals splashy, and, Jay, let's take the bass line for a walk.
Percussion musical instruments (for example, drums, xylophones, cymbals, castanets)
He dances and plays the cymbals in vile nilotic rites.
After this little fella clangs his cymbals together 53 times it'll be the last sound you ever hear.
The sounds of drums and cymbals echo. A magic drink is drunk which, throws the masses into ecstasy.
And actually, by the end of the day, I had a reasonable skull, a moderately good vertebrae and half of a pelvis.
And my skull's crushed and my collar bone is crushed; all but two of my ribs, my pelvis and both arms -- they're all crushed, but there is still a pulse.
Mimi broke her pelvis, lay all night, all morning, finally somebody came in and found her, sent her to the hospital.
Twenty-two victims were brought here, injuries ranging from a broken pelvis to a severed right foot.
If she tilts her pelvis toward you, then it's good.
It's a kind of snake that lies coiled in your pelvis. And you have to awaken it from its dormant state.
The front seats were provided with two 50%- dummies , which were fitted in the head , chest and pelvis with acceleration trans ducers , and in the thigh with force transmitters .
If, for example, you sit on a man with your weight forward and he raises his pelvis and then you squeeze your vaginal muscles...
Osteoporotic fractures typically occur at the hip, spine and distal forearm but may also affect other sites, including the humerus, tibia, pelvis and ribs.
The time of impact of the driver's seat dummy against the door could be established from contacts on the pelvis and shoulder .
And that's because the water protected the basin from being impacted by asteroids and meteorites.
In front of the wooden bed was a copper basin for alms.
For the period of more than a century, the houses press upon each other, accumulate, and raise their level in this basin, like water in a reservoir.
The waves of this crowd, augmented incessantly, dashed against the angles of the houses which projected here and there, like so many promontories, into the irregular basin of the place.
She turned her back, throwing into the basin a silver florin, which rang among the liards, and made the poor goodwives of the chapel of Etienne Haudry open their eyes.
It would be criminal if we didn't try to save the lives of the animals in this basin.
I know they won't leave until after the engineers have flooded the basin.
Then you take a bottle of gold perfume and put it on the sink.
Sinks are obtained either by stamping a sheet of stainless steel to produce a monobloc sink or by joining one or more vats to one or two smooth or grooved draining boards to form one unit.
And literally from that moment, she doesn't raise her hand anymore, she doesn't look for a promotion, she doesn't take on the new project, she doesn't say, "Me. I want to do that."
I assume this isn't the best time to ask for a promotion.
And if two years ago you didn't take a promotion and some guy next to you did, if three years ago you stopped looking for new opportunities, you're going to be bored because you should have kept your foot on the gas pedal.
Tom resented the fact that Mary got the promotion instead of him.
The kind of mind -- part of the mind -- when you're reaching for that piece of chocolate, when you want to win that promotion at work.
I'm afraid your promotion will be held up for a while.
- People from racial, ethnic or national minorities who have suffered from racial discrimination or disadvantage should be given training or encouragement, where possible, to compete for jobs or promotion on equal terms.
"My dear Prof. Stone..." At least I'm grateful for the promotion.
Elsewhere, teaching falls outside the official duties of the NSI, which limits itself to organizing courses to prepare its staff for internal promotion examinations.
I certainly hope this won't stand in the way of your promotion, sir.
You're out of work and you need free transportation.
Requirements are detaUed for: origin of eggs, treatment and preparation, hygiene conditions (of establishments and personnel), health checks (including microbiological criteria), packing, storage and transport.
In the child support worksheet, you list medical, dental child care, transportation, housing, education, food, clothing.
The explosive materials and objects referred to in these regulations are those considered as such in class I of the "Recommendations relating to the transportation of dangerous goods" of the United Nations.
So it involves the shipping of the containers from one place to another.
We attach great importance to the development of rail transport, both for goods and for passengers.
You shoot your Transport in the wind, because you do not have some spoiled, rich celebrity politicians want to report?
Create a new Article 322 entitled Transport of radioactive materials' (Reinstate Article 322 of
You want the craftsmanship that comes with age the dependability of proven performers the dignity of traditional transportation.
So starting from a three-dimensional ping sound system, a vibrating vest, a click wheel with voice commands, a leg strip, even a shoe that applies pressure to the foot.
'Yes, it's much cleaner,' said Vasenka, placing his fat foot on a chair, fastening the bottom hook, and smiling good-naturedly.
Once it stabilizes that, it lifts a foot, and then with the winch it can climb up these kinds of thing.
'Well, now let's part,' he said, and limping with his left foot, and holding his gun ready, he whistled to his dog and went off in one direction.
The lawyers' room is on the second floor of the attic; if your foot does go through it will hang down into the first floor of the attic underneath it, and right in the corridor where the litigants are waiting.
The other end of the thread which the demon had attached to my wings he had fastened to his foot.
No, but I'd like to know if an old man who drags one foot cos he had a stroke can get from his bedroom to his front door in 15 seconds.
After 8 years, I became interested in the type of problem I am now dealing with and qualified as a psychologist. I have therefore a foot in both electronic engineering and psychology.'
He could be running from the cops, or attempting to hop across America on one foot, or he really did come all the way from Connecticut just to have pizza with his father who he's not seen or heard from in seventeen years.
Is our manager thus still a sort of centipede whom one dares not ask how he manages to walk in case, horror-stricken, he can no longer put one foot in front of the other?
And as I lifted my leg out of bed, she reached for my crutches and handed them to me.
These particulars Vronsky learned later, now he only saw that Diana's head or legs might come just where Frou-Frou had to alight.
His leg will prevent him from participating in a tennis tournament.
He sees that the dog has this big wound on its leg.
This letter, sealed with a small seal in blue wax, begged Monsieur Bovary to come immediately to the farm of the Bertaux to set a broken leg.
I slipped on the paper and hurt my leg.
I could use that for a leg, an arm, anything like that.
"Now," went on the King of Thunes, "twist your right foot round your left leg, and rise on the tip of your left foot."
When he broke his leg, he had to use crutches for 3 months.
I've got $10, one-to-five... that Frank James will bite Mr. McCoy in the leg.
Until, in May 2008, a routine visit to my doctor and a routine blood test produced evidence in the form of an alkaline phosphatase number that something might be wrong with my bones.
Can you show me any evidence for your statement?
We have just published an evaluation of this program, and the evidence that is there for all to see is quite remarkable.
And, in fact, it's the best evidence we have to date for not only existence of a supermassive black hole at the center of our own galaxy, but any in our universe.
That's a key piece of evidence you omitted from the case file, Tommy.
Even though significant statistical problems exist, there is no evidence that firm dynamics - defined as entry and exit of enterprises - is less in Europe than in the USA or Japan.
Just for the record, Your Honor, Mr. Kachinsky testified that he did not make those comments and this exhibit is being introduced as impeachment evidence to demonstrate that in fact Mr. Kachinsky made those comments.
This may be needed for accountancy, customs, administrative or fiscal declarations or in order to provide evidence or negotiability.
But there's no other evidence of witchcraft taking place here.
The chronic study in hamsters (Dossier Cyanamide) showed no evidence of carcinogenic activity.
Move any article without a voucher and they dock you!
Free reproduction authorized, with or without indication of source. Voucher copies would be appreciated.
— broken-down statements of expenditure, in which data obtained from monitoring each cofinanced operation Including the amounts of expenditure incurred (In national currencies) are to be given for each final beneficiary and the date of receipt and payment is to be specified for each voucher;
Free reproduction authorized, with or without indication of source. Voucher copies would be appreciated. B-1049 Brussels • Rue de la Loi, 200 • Tel. 235.25.92 • FS 21877 COMEU B
Free reproduction authorized, with or without indication of source. Voucher copies would be appreciated.
Vignettes are widely used across the Community as a form of toll, often on motorways to allow people to pay for their road use by means of a voucher or permit, otherwise known as a vignette.
— non-electronic payment by card, including processes for which a signature is required and a voucher is produced, but not including cards whose sole function is to guarantee payment made by cheque,
— nonelectronic payment by card, including processes for which a signature is requited and ι voucher is produced, but not including cards whose sole function is to guarantee payment made by cheque,
Several studies have shown that the annoyance of aircraft noise imposed upon the residents living in the vicinity of an airport increases exponentially as more aircraft operate from that airport.
below 80 dB can also have undesirable effects, however, and produce declining performance and nervousness in people and be perceived as a nuisance or cause of annoyance.
People differ drastically in the degree of annoyance they experience.
So a treatise on EVs and trafic noise has perforce to consider the possible effects of EVs on a noise index, but only the broadest conclusions are relevant to the real problem of the annoyance caused by traffic noise.
Perhaps a growing proportion of residential users regard the telephone signal as a source of annoyance, due to the emerging use of the telephone as a marketing tool.
But the annoyance caused by traffic noise is highly subjective and variable from person to person and from time to time.
Annoyance, irritation and stress cannot be measured and related to an exceeding of specified noise levels.
However there is no straightforward correlation between noise as measured and the annoyance it causes (Bouladon, 1979).
Annoyance depends on the level and duration of single noise events as well as their pattern of intermittence or frequency content.
Tones and impulsive noises present in the environment increase the level of annoyance at each value of the equivalent noise level.
If you're living in Iran, you're facing censorship, harassment, arrest, torture -- at times, execution.
She said that what they were doing was contrary to the company's sexual harassment policy.
In dating, the transition from friendship to sex can lead to, notoriously, various forms of awkwardness, and as can sex in the workplace, in which we call the conflict between a dominant and a sexual relationship "sexual harassment."
It had to be a mistake. How can you flunk a woman in a sexual harassment seminar?
In Spain a new legislation has been recently adopted protecting workers against the sexual harassment at work.
If you don't cease this harassment, we will lodge a formal protest with your government.
Sexual harassment is therefore also, in principle, contrary to national legislation which transposes the principle of equality enshrined in the Equal Treatment Directive into the national law of every Member State.
- That we will pursue a case of sexual harassment against you.
As regards the internal policy of the Commission, in June 1993 the Commission circulated a leaflet on sexual harassment to all staff".
In fact, there are two other women who were convicted on the basis of the evidence of this pediatrician, who have subsequently been released on appeal.
And moral will is undermined by an incessant appeal to incentives that destroy our desire to do the right thing.
The last thing I told him was not to lose heart... that we'd ask for an appeal.
ANDREWS (RDE). — Mr President, on a point of order, you will recall that almost two years ago this House passed a resolution calling for a further appeal in the case of the Birmingham Six.
What can you do now that the federal appeal has been denied?
In its judgment of 10 February 1983, the Court of Justice of the European Communities dismissed the appeal lodged by the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg against that decision.
The senior judges in my system have said that never, never, never could these people have been convicted on the evidence, and certainly would have been released on appeal.
In fact, as leaders, what we need to learn is that we can influence the quality of that unit of production by creating the conditions for our employees to live their calling.
While in the third one, in the calling, very much likely I would do it also if I wouldn't be financially compensated for it.
Your strength and manual skills. suggest you were meant for a humbler vocation.
For most professionals, the most appealing aspects are: the challenges, the social function and the vocation.
Once in a great while, when a priest is unsure of his vocation... he is granted time to think about it.
This is perfectly consistent with the democratic calling of this Parliament.
It means to have a calling, something that comes naturally.
Just as observers witnessing industrialisation saw it as a transformation from closely tied communities to mass-society, we predict that the emerging transition will contain situations in which people are considered "footloose", neither respecting call nor vocation.
It's more than a job, it's... it's a calling.
Our company is planning to build a new chemical plant in Russia.
Because the same company is trying to get a licence for a new plant?
Why, for instance, should a small company in my constituency, to be taken up, namely Burroughs, which on the US market has 35% of its total sales of Beefeater Gin, be sacrificed on the altar of US protectionism?
Mr. Ross, when you do what I do, you get used to people assuming the worst about your company, so I would appreciate a little respect.
When a woman working for a company announces that she is expecting a baby, she naturally means that she will be taking maternity leave.
This won't be the first time a big company got caught for swatting a little guy.
In my constituency I have a firm which uses asbestos and employs young girls.
She actually started this company where she makes these little clay pots.
The company responsible is a Dutch multinational of dubious reputation, i.e. AKZO.
After that, it happened again. With a petrochemical company this time.
The system will go into operation in a short time.
The ship is functioning normally again, sir, and the restart cycle is in operation.
The Vandellos power station is of a type which has been in operation in several Member States for many years.
You have been trained in the use and operation of the fail-safe.
Evaluation shall concern the results, by comparison with the objectives, and also the administration, operation and maintenance of the schemes.
My mission responsibilities range over the entire operation of the ship so I am constantly occupied.
Presentation by Mr J.R.M. Nijman of Europe Combined Terminals (ECT) on the operation the container port.
The Qui'al Dam was just put back into operation to divert water to the city.
There are men just like these in every borough of Paris.
It certainly won't help this borough shake its reputation for violence and crime.
The borough was heavily builtup with little open space or business activity, and characterised by poverty, youth unemployment and a decaying infrastructure.
And as artists, we live in Springfield's most artistic borough...
I cannot be expected to live in a lesser borough.
Every third car in this borough is a silver late-model Toyota.
I'm told you're a man of influence, Mr. Maguire... and that nothing moves in or out of this borough without your approval.
So we've checked every truck, every landfill in every borough.
You've been on the subway, made it to a borough.
I ran a center at Harvard from 2008 to 2010, and there were people like Michael Semple there who speak Afghan languages fluently, who've traveled to almost every district in the country.
There was a fellow-student at the university with whom he had subsequently become friendly, and to whom he might have spoken of his grief; but that fellow-student was now curator in a distant educational district.
The legend has come down in this district from olden times.
And they clearly learned a lot from it because in the same district, "Police review policy after children shocked: 2nd child shocked by Taser stun gun within weeks."
Now I'm in charge of all the cooking classes and all the gardening classes in our school district.
Well, then, we'll leave the district blank.
Look, Max, we crossed the county line this mornin'.
There is an LA office or bureau attached to each Council, and others in each district (arrondissement).
Ladies and gentlemen it gives me great pleasure to announce that the territorial governor, at the request of your leading citizens has appointed as the first federal judge in this district Colonel Owen Devereaux.
- STATI N F: STATI N F contains data at the levels of the municipality, district, canton, conurbation, region, etc., gathered from BFS surveys and other offices.
You here tonight represent the senior command of all the vessels in the region.
There is no payment made by the insured person for treatment but the doctor receives from the region a flatrate lump sum per Insured person.
With the help of my night bell the entire region torments me.
Standard gross margin (SGM) by holding and by region (NUTS 2), in 1997
There are about 30 pickup trucks registered in this region.
Other sections of motorway, together with Federal and state roads, cross the region, allowing the major conurbations to be quickly reached.
our Director of Manpower Planning to the northeast region.
Free choice Of general practitioner among those approved for the region.
Then the administrative textile unit for each region will work out the guidelines for the application of the special plans, and it will be checked that these are taken into account in the restructuring programmes.
NIKOLAOU, E. and GIANNOULAKI-NIKOLAOU, E. "Criticisms and findings after 15 years operation of a factory manufacturing asbestos products in the region of Patras".
They hook you up to this machine and give you... a zapper-roo to the old noggin.
Place the Crown of Naples on this ugly noggin.
Can't get that image out of my noggin To this day.
Look, all I am trying to do is to cram a little responsibility into that noggin of yours.
I want to take the new noggin out for a spin, but I need a power recharge.
A bump on the noggin doesn't explain the fever.
We're the synapses in its noggin, its mind, interconnecting.
They're inside of everything, including your noggin.
If anyone can figure what's gone amiss in that noggin of yours, it's this little lady here.
Give me all your money and whatever parts you got out there in that garage, and I'll consider not puttin' one in your noggin'.
This is the best tasting pear I've ever eaten.
And each year, we'd come along and take a pear and go,
Take a bite of an apple, take a bite of a pear, take a bite of the cookie that you left over there.
That's grilled red pear, imported Robiola cheese, and smoked prosciutto with yellow tomato dressing.
It's shaped like an upside-down pear and is very much the same size.
Don't tell me that's how you want to celebrate. With a pear?
Is it okay if I take that pear, Grandma?
- I didn't realize the pear was named...
Until now I imagined it was like a very big pear. Now I picture it round, with nipples. Oh!
We then take a scaffold that we shape like a bladder.
But it was hard to do that when I was born with spina bifida and my kidneys and bladder weren't working.
Every time you drink a glass of water, he points out, the odds are that you will imbibe at least one molecule that passed through the bladder of Oliver Cromwell.
She did not have a normal bladder. This is a segment from CNN.
And because they used my own cells to build this bladder, it's going to be with me.
The main issue that has emanated from the interim report of the Canadian study is the fact that there is an increased incidence of bladder carcinoma in the male animals of the F n and F.. generations.
It's tapped directly into the bladder and liver.
Epidemiological research shows that malignant swellings of the bladder occur more frequently in workers exposed to beta-naphthylamine than in the rest of the population.
Believe me, as a bowler, I know, that right about now your bladder feels like an overstuffed vacuum cleaner bag, and your butt is kind of like an about-to-explode bratwurst.
(incomplete emptying of the bladder and loss of urine).
It should not be. Until one of my colleagues said, "It looks to me like a thermal blister, and the mid-ocean ridge must be a cooling curve." We said, "Let's go find out."
And do you get along? I certainly hope so, because at some point or another on this expedition, one of your teammates is going to have to take a very big needle, and put it in an infected blister, and drain it for you.
Oh, my God, I'm getting a blister.
It's also been a long while since I've had a good blister.
In a loft in the garage of Harrington's country place, the police discovered three perfect tires and a fourth with a large, hard blister.
You have a blister on a blood vessel in your brain.
Who can tell with the man? He calls the paramedics for a blister.
You knew he rescued a girl from a fire without getting so much as a blister.
Of course, I could have selected a tire with a blister, but I fear it would have been rather troublesome fitting it in there.
PAPI: My grandfather cut cane for 30 years every day and never got a blister.
You know what cards to serve to Brother Joe now?
Not only would uniform identity cards and passports be an admirable symbol in them selves; they would also make many things a lot easier here in Europe.
Oh, but I can just feel the cards turning Nicky's way.
You can't say "well played", and then show better cards.
If we're all playing showdown, I'd like to see the cards when they fall.
Though, if your hypothetical poker opponent has a deck full of these cards, he'll probably be able to find you faster.
All you got in the world is a dirty deck of cards and a crooked one at that.
He could see the opponents' cards and signal to Karol Valenski using Morse code.
They start running off at the mouth, don't pay attention to their cards.
My father said he loses every hand of cards he plays.
This is a new kind of solar cell that's based on how a leaf works.
Not a leaf stirred; not a sound obtruded upon great Nature's meditation.
Imagine being able to create a shape on the outside of a surface, so that it's self-cleaning with just water. That's what a leaf does.
Goody Falourdel, have you brought that leaf into which the crown which the demon gave you was transformed?
And what would happen if they climbed on the underside of that leaf, and there was some wind, or we shook it?
The first was a page so heavenly sweet--so deadly sad--that to read one line of it would dissolve my courage and break down my energy.
It's capillary action and transpiration pulls water up, a drop at a time, pulling it, releasing it from a leaf and pulling it up through the roots.
I watched her for nearly half-an-hour: during all that time she never turned a page, and her face grew momently darker, more dissatisfied, and more sourly expressive of disappointment.
You feel like a leaf at the mercy of the wind, don't you?
This indicates a partitioning in the leaf between carbohydrate retained and carbohydrate exported, both from the individual chloroplasts, and from the mesophyll cells .
And the interesting thing, when you go around here in the photo panorama, you see the family still sitting on the floor there.
All at once, I hear a cry upstairs, and something falls on the floor and the window opens.
Tom saw two men lying on the floor, bleeding from gunshot wounds.
When he does this, it's not, "Take your Stradivarius and like Jimi Hendrix, smash it on the floor." It's not that.
The mention of Levin seemed to deprive Kitty of the last fragments of self-control: she jumped up from her chair, threw the buckle on the floor, and rapidly gesticulating with her hands she began:
I cannot mop this floor. It's too dirty.
So, Tim and I slept on the floor, Natasha got one bed, Gene got the other -- kids pass out, it's been very exciting for three days.
He made an effort and understood that he was on the floor, and, seeing blood on the tiger-skin and on his hand, realized that he had tried to shoot himself.
I can place the palms of my hands on the floor without bending my knees.
There was that poor watchman lying on the floor right in front of me.
It's not rebuilding Europe, it's reversing the divergence for the bottom billion, so that they actually catch up.
He was somewhat reassured by the fact that the condemned girl never removed her eyes from the bottom of the cart.
There is a little wine left in the bottom of the glass.
I carried on for another five or six strokes, and then I had nothing in my body, and I went down to the bottom of the lake.
He took it up and disclosed a shapely little treasure-house whose bottom and sides were of shingles.
The water there was so deep that I could not touch bottom.
So, to give you a sense of what this is like, it's actually like looking at a pebble at the bottom of a stream.
He put his letter at the bottom under some vine leaves, and at once ordered Girard, his ploughman, to take it with care to Madame Bovary.
If you look carefully, you'll see that the box has a false bottom.
As soon as we're off the bottom, I want all ahead, flank.
But if they really were intelligent, why would they use a stick to extract termites from the ground rather than a shovel?
As they approached the earth, these two jets of liquid lead spread out in sheaves, like water springing from the thousand holes of a watering−pot.
The fat man jumped over the ditch and fell to the ground.
I know, I'm going to get vacuums and furnaces and drag stuff out of the ground and get things hot and poison and pollute, but I got this hard thing.
There was a burst of laughter from the boys, which so thoroughly put the poor lad out of countenance that he did not know whether to keep his cap in his hand, leave it on the ground, or put it on his head.
Capital, land and labor are the three key factors of production.
Trees are rooted in the ground in one place for many human generations, but if we shift our perspective from the trunk to the twigs, trees become very dynamic entities, moving and growing.
The large arm-chair was upset, and even the "Fanal de Rouen" lay on the ground, outspread between two pestles.
Glorify the ocean, but stay on the ground.
J.P. worships the ground her grandfather discovered oil on.
I worked a long time on figuring out how to move the arms over a much greater arc -- that is up and down -- and make them a lot easier, so that you didn't have to use a button.
She pointed to a wide arch corresponding to the window, and hung like it with a Tyrian-dyed curtain, now looped up.
A rainbow is a seven-colour arch in the sky.
Entropy means that everything in the world, everything, is in a state of decline and decay, the arch.
I let Mrs. Fairfax precede me into the dining-room, and kept in her shade as we crossed that apartment; and, passing the arch, whose curtain was now dropped, entered the elegant recess beyond.
We're still living with the old paradigm of age as an arch.
The arbour was an arch in the wall, lined with ivy; it contained a rustic seat.
So, this arc of the cosmic transformation of God's favorite angel into the Devil, for me, sets the context for understanding human beings who are transformed from good, ordinary people into perpetrators of evil.
Go under the arch... through the door on the right and down the hall.
I want you to put the Vigo under the arch.
"I don't know. It's some kind of a bow, of course.
If I don't have a bow, I can't play the violin.
Give me the bow and arrow, then. I can thread a needle with it.
If they buy a bow and arrow or a water-pistol, are they to feel they are corrupting their children?
Bow and arrow, sir, with the arrow dipped in poison.
Since the Capellans never developed the bow, this may come as big a surprise as gunpowder was on Earth.
- Can you train men in the use of such a bow?
He was the god of light and purity. He was skilled in the bow and the lyre.
He says that master is to compete... but if he does not make good, the bow is to be broken over his head.
And they taught me how to make the best bow and arrows too.
In collar forming, a plate with a corresponding bore is widened and necked out with the aid of a semispherical die.
It's a Graeft Stift, 4-door sedan, 4 cylinders, 115 mm bore, motor number 287, 42 H.P.
In each pipe there is a supporting teflon sleeve, which presses the elastic absorber material (EPDM synthetic rubber) against the bore of the distributor pipe.
It has a turbo-charged diesel engine, bore and stroke of 5.4 by 6 inches, a compression ratio of 18-to-1, and 1,100 cubic-inch displacement.
I need two large bore I.V.s. Start fluids at 150.
A central bore of 15 mm diameter has been machined in the specimen inside the zune of neutral fibres, leaving only tensile stresses in the test crosssection (see Technical Progress Report No.5).
But even more striking than the ferocious power emanating from that well was the recklessness with which that power was unleashed -- the carelessness, the lack of planning that characterized the operation from drilling to clean-up.
This is the only piece left because other parts were destroyed during the drilling.
A major difficulty - apart from the drilling operation as such lies in the fact that trapped miners usually do not have the tools required to remove the drill bit once a breakthrough is achieved.
Figure 1: Schematic of the Emplacement Techniques for the Subseabed Option (Drilling and Free-fall Penetrator).
I happen to know something about one Franco-Italian company's activities as regards horizontal drilling in the Adriatic and as a European, I am gratified that the Commission is assisting such initiatives.
Those responsible for operating the machine during drilling concentrate their attention on the face and are confronted with the problems of forward visibility described above.
We wanted the main work to be done in the rear sections of the roaday driven so we had a preliminary drilling followed by blasting, with a depth of pull of about three metres. This was then consolidated
I put some oil on this bolt, so I think it's loosening.
Bolts and nuts (including bolt ends and screw studs), whether or not threaded or tapped, and screws (including screw hooks and screw rings), of copper; rivets, cotters, cotter-pins, washers and spring washers, of copper
The bolt sticks, it's got a two-stage trigger and the scope is off 0.02 to the left and it has a 9.5 - Inch drop.
BoltB and nuts (including bolt ends end screw studs), whether or not threaded or tapped and ecrews (including ecrew hooks and acrew rings), ofcopper; rivete, cotters, cotter-pins, washers end spring washers, of copper
Now they got this big gun that shoots a bolt into their skull, then retracts it.
Steel bolt with a wedge-shaped head (32 mm χ 48 mm χ 25 mm) and round threated shank (length : 40 mm, diameter : 16 mm, thread length : 30 mm).
" Newspaper found beneath a coarse-thread hex bolt with 4 p.m. circled on it."
Recommendations for further research on captive bolt stunning are included in 1.5.3.1.
-A candidate for what? -For the burning of the files and for the acid on the bolt.
Dolts and nuts (including bolt ends and screw studs), whether or not threaded or tapped, and screws (including screw hooks and screw rings), of copper; rivets, coiiers. cotterpins, washers and spring washers, of copper
It will cut the power long enough for you to step off without removing the pin.
Reconditioning work on steel sections of the support units: The hydraulic straightening devices in use since February I983 continued to be used successfully for straightening steel sections and also for extracting tightfitting pins.
They're going to have to secure four pins into your skull and they're going to need a small drill to do it.
It was also found that these devices made work easier in another ergonomically unsatisfactory job - the extraction of tight-fitting pins.
And I need you to shift slowly, very slowly one inch to your left, so I can get to the pin.
If bars and pins are found to be bent they are to be sent to the blacksmiths for straightening. 3.
If that thing blows while I'm pulling the pin, he loses a leg.
I want you to pull the pin out of the grenade... count to three so I can hear it, then toss it as far as you can.
You have to remove those pins in order to pull the levers.
Now, take one of those little cans, the ones with the pins on the top.
A bomb fell not far from my car -- well, far enough, but big noise.
When the bomb exploded, I happened to be there.
And as was typical with the Norden bombsight, the bomb actually missed its target by 800 ft.
The bomb was defused just minutes before it would have exploded.
If you sit a guy on a chair with all this kind of apparatus measuring your physiology, and there's kind of a bomb that goes off, it's so instinctive response that, in 20 years, they never saw anyone who will not jump.
We better stay awake and guard that bomb or we'll get fired or something.
The members of the neonazi Norsk Front found it easier to throw a bomb in Oslo on 1 May than to collect 3 000 signatures necessary for standing in the elections.
Well, I'll get the bomb, and you figure out a place to hide it.
On one occasion, as I lay in my bath, a bomb dropped at the end of my garden.
Well, I'm going to take his bomb idea up with the chief of the Ordnance Department.
Now, let me tell you a different story. Around June 2002, the world of supercomputers had a bombshell.
The mayor dropped a bombshell at the news conference.
Okay, if this kid is right, he's sitting on a bombshell.
An article announcing this discovery, signed by Dr Will and other European scientists, was published in the medical journal The Lancet. It was a political and media bombshell.
! I'm-I'm sorry about you and Tom, but you can't just drop a bombshell like this so close to someone's wedding. You broke the curse.
Statistics sometimes burst like a bombshell. When on 8 March the US Ministry of Labor reported a surprisingly high increase in employment, stocks on Wall Street fell by 3% before the close of trading.
I'll drop the bombshell on Mr Shayne's lap.
You can't just freeze the whole world and come in here and drop a bombshell like that and expect a quick decision.
And so it was, that just eight short months ago John Malkovich dropped the bombshell that sent shock waves through the entertainment community.
Okay, well, that's a big bombshell.
We decided to provide vasectomy to all men, but in particular, American men to the front of the queue, right up to the Ambassador's residence during his [unclear].
Do you know who the Japanese ambassador to France is?
I wanted to be an ambassador, and my mentors, my heroes, people who got to the top of my profession, and here I was throwing it all away.
I've seen just now that the ambassador of Saudi Arabia has resigned.
The lunch ladies, the lunch cooks of America -- I offer myself as their ambassador.
The ambassador will be recalled from his present post soon.
I should not advise you to make a practice... of diverting Spanish ambassadors.
Greek ambassador to Nicosia and London; Greek Permanent Representative to NATO.
They would hardly dare attack a ship with His Majesty's ambassador aboard.
To raise the dead, Lord, we need to send a messenger across the gulf.
You're a strange messenger to bring such good tidings.
Well, of course the Grand Nagus, or his official messenger the Grand Proxy, is always welcome in our little world... our rather poverty-stricken little world... and we're thrilled he has taken an interest in our very modest operation.
- No. He sent a messenger, his better half.
I'm his official messenger... the Grand Proxy.
Billy, I'm sorry, but I'm just the messenger.
The Grand Proxy is the Nagus's official messenger, right?
But the Holy Father, who did me the honour of using me as his messenger, asked me to be very quick and very discreet.
They don't like the message... they get a new messenger.
- Sweetheart, sweetheart- here is a messenger from His Majesty.
You can work for a small company, in a boring branch.
John Buckingham, who lived alone and had been with the branch for over 10 years, was described by bosses as a "workhorse."
To estimate the number of persons in employment, and those temporarily absent form work, a posteriori stratification of the sample and population is carried out by sex, fiveyear age group and branch of activity (eight branches in all).
The kid is asking you nicely, and besides, Brother Zafer is from our branch, too.
We are being kept fully informed and have a flexible procedure for consultation with the branch, and we think this too ought to be discussed by the Council of Ministers for Tourism.
Almost one in five enterprises in the nonagricultural market sectors carried out retail trade (NACE 52) and one in eight employees works in this branch.
In 1991, some twofifths of all jobs in this branch in the Norte region were in these two municipalities.
The branch of the economy in which the company is active is not generally relevant to company law.
The size of the subsample means that the data are not statistically significant for this branch
Within the services sector, retail trade is the branch with the highest rate of privatisation.
It is happening all across the world, in every kind of walk of life, and every kind of career and industry that you can think of.
Needless to say, dealing in rice is a declining industry.
So you end up with at least two-fifths lower capital intensity than the leanest plant in the industry, which GM has in Lansing.
In my industry, we believe that images can change the world.
Now in the industry -- I don't know whether you care about this, or how much time I have to go into this.
The computer market was saturated, the software stocks were in the toilet and your fucking coldware revolutionizes the industry.
The only way of resolving this growing situation is to extend the antidumping duty to cover the countries in question and to make it run for a period of at least five years, as proposed by experts in the industry.
It's a desperate situation, Daphne, for the, um... whole industry.
The only industry in which US firms maintained their strong international competitiveness in the 1980s, was pharmaceuticals.
That's the trouble. Oh, that's only his "kingpin of industry" act.
Ask whether it's a boy or a girl.
- You were a bad boy during that earthquake.
That was last month. I was a bad boy.
Anybody ever tell you that you are a bad boy?
Dustin, the bad boy from the wrong side of the tracks.
OK, so just give me a cheeky sort of "I've been a naughty boy" look.
No, but you don't understand - I am a very bad boy.
I've been a good boy and waited for your return
But if I don't believe you, that means you're a bad boy.
The Jack holding his scepter in the wrong hand.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven... jack, queen and king...
There's ne'er a villain dwelling in all Denmark but he's an arrant knave.
The king's the father. The son is the jack.
I have ace, king, queen, jack and a ten.
Ten, eight, three, a jack and a big king for me.
One eight, one jack, one seven, one ace,
Nine, ten, jack, queen, king.
The bull, Berkut, with a ring through his nose, was lying down, and almost rose up, but changed his mind and only snorted a couple of times as they passed by.
You still think that bull of yours could be her mate?
Well, she thinks that Cuthbert H. Humphrey is panting for her like a bull buffalo at the first greenup of spring.
He's a big, broad lad, strong as a bull.
I'm sick of being chased like a runaway bull.
Well, I guess you didn't see it all, unless you saw the bull use a knife.
One minute he's at the point of death, the next he's alive, well, strong as a bull.
Chance thinks it's the bull of her dreams.
This is not an all-union exhibition. And I'm not a breeding bull from that exhibition.
You come on the morrow... and I'll hunt up a longhorn cow for you... and then you'll see for yourself why I think that bull of yours... will not be the father of a calf.
Listen, there was a state cop outside and he saw the stepladder.
Someone told me the reason why you do that is when you meet a chick and you rub up against her, she can't tell you're a cop.
Look, I don't know you, and I don't know that he was a cop.
Then this cop, Sam Wood, comes charging' outta the bush and hauls me in.
I think that man you met tonight was a cop.
Listen, I'm no cop now, I'm a husband!
- Listen, cop, let me tell you something.
You, nor that cop, nor anybody else will keep me from him.
Oh, you are some kind of a cop.
In order to do his job, a cop has to search trashcans.
Wolves would eat him for breakfast on the exchange.
Her company has a seat on the exchange in the Commerzbank building.
I was too discreet to mention it in front of your guests, but do you know what they've been saying about you on the exchange?
But only for those who can play in the stock exchange.
No cash, threw away the wallet, kept the card.
We haven't found his wallet, but if it was stolen we'd see a lot more charges on it, like computers, stereos, what have you.
I recently lost my wallet, but I managed to get my money back.
give me back my wallet, and we'll just forget the whole thing.
Yeah, well, my salary is whatever I can fish out of Dad's wallet when he falls asleep during a Blue Bloods marathon.
Are you telling me that there's no way that I couId go to my car, without my license, and get my wallet, which has my money?
What's a hug compared to the joy of emptying one's wallet?
There was no money on him or in his wallet.
-l don't have it, it would be in my wallet.
I gave them a whole bunch of cash and my dusty wallet condom.
So the image that I like to think of, instead of glass ceiling, is the high bridge.
In a room without a window, there burnt a fire guarded by a high and strong fender, and a lamp suspended from the ceiling by a chain.
He is such a tall man that he can touch the ceiling.
You can look at it from on top, from the ceiling.
The porcelain night-light threw a round trembling gleam upon the ceiling, and the drawn curtains of the little cot formed as it were a white hut standing out in the shade, and by the bedside Charles looked at them.
I need another can of paint to finish painting the ceiling.
And the great thing is there's no trick like with the glass ceiling.
The walls trembled, the ceiling was crushing her, and she passed back through the long alley, stumbling against the heaps of dead leaves scattered by the wind.
She was standing on a ladder painting the ceiling.
When this ceiling gives way, we'll be buried alive.
The last thing I remember was lying on a white blanket, telling my surgeon that I needed to see my mother again, and to please try and save my voice.
He asked K. to pass him a blanket from the couch.
I'm very sensitive to cold. May I have another blanket?
I remained under the blankets. He entered my room, sat on the corner of the bed, and he was silent, so I pulled the blanket from my head, and when he saw me he started laughing.
One arm of that body lay outside the blanket, and the enormous hand, like a rake, seemed to be attached in some incomprehensible way to a long thin spindle that was quite straight from the end to the middle.
Tom took a blanket off the bed and wrapped it around himself.
And he showed that gasses such as CO2 absorb heat, thus acting like a blanket warming Earth's surface.
But then, each from his own side, they hurried out of bed. Mr. Samsa threw the blanket over his shoulders, Mrs. Samsa just came out in her nightdress; and that is how they went into Gregor's room.
Could you bring me a pillow and blanket, please?
Yes, sir, but we fix her up with a blanket when she got off at Jacksonville.
If we roll him off, he's likely to go through the floor and take us with him.
Under Building Regulations, only the wall separating these two uses and the floor of the upper storey offices are required to have fire resistance, the rest of the structure being unprotected steelwork.
The machines were so heavy, the floor caved in.
With the trapezoidal-type profiles this tends to happen over the entire surface, but with dovetail-type profiles the dovetail remains embedded in the concrete and may contribute to the bending resistance of the floor.
It has marble paneling and a marble floor and a ceiling-- 12 feet high, made of copper.
Under Building Regulations, only the wall separating these two uses and the floor of the upper storey offices are required to have fire resistance, the rest of the structure being unprotected steelwork.
So, here's where Eliot takes care of the guard, and then here's where we blow a hole through the floor, the last seven minutes of the piece, of course, depending on tempo.
Would anybody object if I tore this floor out?
Beams acting compositely with the floor via insitu welded connectors are discussed and the different stress paterne for composite and non-composite beams are explained.
- web plates 13 mm thickness The various groups of smaller girders are linked by secondary beams (trimmers) which form a secondary framework to carry the 30 cm of reinforced concrete floor.
[Siegle] As we get sort of closer and closer to species degradation, to, uh, trashing our last remaining pristine wilderness, we seem hell-bent on producing more and more disposable stuff.
In some regions confronted by land degradation, agricultural production is failing to meet the population’s food needs.
Well, I am clearly old-fashioned but to me divorce signifies weakness, degradation, scandal.
This commits signatories to stop the loss and reverse the degradation of Mediterranean wetlands.
Seems to be some synaptic degradation, fungal in origin.
— methodologies for water pollution risk assessment and prevention, mountains: management systems to enhance labour and land productivity and family income, and to prevent environmental degradation and depopulation.
It unreservedly condemned the sexual exploitation of children, child abuse in any form and the degradation of children treated as sexual objects.
And there she claims that you threatened her with a demotion if she refused to sleep with you.
They're really trying to make it sound like it's not a demotion.
That you took me off active duty. That is a demotion.
I imagine any demotion might be construed as sexual harassment.
I've just been running around a lot since the demotion.
Someone to clean up the Geoff Matthews mess, steady the ship before election, and then gracefully accept demotion.
Well, after my demotion to evidence, I'm just happy to be in the division.
It's not a demotion, it's just that you stink at this.
And I won't let your demotion from last year affect the work I do for you if you're the VP. Uh, yeah.
And, yes, Battle Creek is probably a demotion and, yes, that probably means that someone doesn't like me, but I don't ask those questions anymore.
And this is a video that has actually won an award as the best documentary of the year.
The documentary is meant to raise consciousness about the plight of the poor.
My feature documentary shows how a free society can be stampeded by those who know how to use media.
And this is from a documentary called "Sexual Practices and Populations Control Among the Uvulites."
Why don't you do a documentary about the drug problem round in Walton Street?
Apparently, this approach really helped to improve relationships between the interested parties in the area and also stimulated lively debate about life and land use in and around the park.The documentary is shown non-stop in the visitors’ centre in the park.
I'm doing a documentary on this phenomenon I've witnessed all over America. Hi. Sam.
Volume two contains a documentary based on a selection of documents collected during local trips.
I told her that I was going on a location scout for a documentary.
- I really enjoyed watching a documentary with Louise.
And the fellow in the vest there, Craig Toten, he has pushed forward to get documentation out to all the groups that are doing this.
Allow Gary Webb to have full access to the Investigator General's full documentation... and comparatively go through it as the investigation goes on.
The sector actively contributes to the documentation and streamlining of financial procedures to ensure that system specifications are in line with user requirements.
Since there were so few cells in the mite, the testing destroyed the sample, but the procedures and results are all contained in our documentation.
The Information strategies and communication resources department encompasses documentation, publications, media relations, information technology and information on drug legislation.
I wanna develop a program... that navigates documentation for IT process best practises.
The aim of the Centre is to promote exchanges of information between parliaments, to avoid duplication in research work and to increase cooperation with respect to documentation, parliamentary libraries and research services, including access to the databanks of the European Community and of the Member States.
You're kind of like the southpaw of the rotation.
The speed of the machine when moving forwards must be no faster than a man walking. When reversing, it must be at a reduced speed, particularly if movement is caused by rotation of the tool.
And as it was leaving Earth's gravity, it turned its cameras around and took a time lapse picture of one day's won'th of rotation, here compressed into 24 seconds.
The diurnal repetitions of the correlation peak can be accounted for by the earth's rotation in the corpuscular flow of the solar wind, (t is a statistical function reflecting the probability of the correlation).
Icarus, please adjust shield to allow for rotation.
(Absence of optical rotation should be reported when this serves to Illustrate that an asymmetric molecule is racemic),
At the end of the 1920s the young astronomer Jan Oort derived the rotation of the Galaxy from movements of the stars in the Sun's neighbourhood.
The disturbances may last several days, diminishing in intensity and following a daily cycle due to the earth's rotation.
The corresponding cutouts must operate with the minimum time lag permitted by the state of the art and must prevent any remanent current generated by rotation of the electric motor from passing back to any fault which may exist.
This angle is positive when the rotation is clockwise as seen when looking towards the illuminating surface.
Video: Which in turn belongs to a local group of galaxies.
I do one followed by another, the answer is it's rotation D, half a turn.
And the half a turn is halfway between the six pointed stars.
If a laser beam, starting from point A (Figure I3) strikes a flat surface at point C, which rotates around this point, the reflected light moves from Β to B' when the turn is by the angle y .
With one turn of that key... two million of your people will die instantly!
Every twist, every turn can challenge our sense of direction.
Now let's do the turn with hands held low.
I know that the turn of your arm when you pull that chair, It's pretty distinctive.
And especially the turn. It's so scary.
I'm telling you, you got too much turn in your backswing.
Now, the deeper you go underwater, the higher the pressure is.
But though her hand did not return the pressure, Mlle Varenka's face shone with a soft and pleased, though rather sad, smile, which disclosed her large but splendid teeth.
In order to staunch the flow of blood, apply direct pressure to the wound.
Bio- and cybertechnologies are environmentally benign in that they offer marvelous prospects, while, nonetheless, reducing pressure on energy and resources.
These fishes are accustomed to high pressures and to the presence of light.
We cope with this pressure by having brains, and within our brains, decision-making centers that I've called here the "Actor."
The plan was given up under the pressure of public opinion.
If an increasing number do leave employment and rely on social provisions, it increases the pressure on these provisions.
We could only feel the pressure of the wind, until it was gone.
In addition to financial support, an organized distribution network for European films is needed to counter pressure from large American producers.
So, I wanted to show 2.3 million prison uniforms, and in the actual print of this piece, each uniform is the size of a nickel on its edge.
"l should run to Brentano's, which I would, if anything I wanted was in print.
Silver bromide particles on any positive print leave minute traces on any surface when they're combined with compression and heat,like,say, a wallet being sat on for ten hours a day in a hot taxi.
Back: twocolour guilloche background printing with integrated microlettering (rainbow printing light redred fluorescent and redblue fluorescent), nonvisible ultraviolet print (red fluorescent).
This is tempting providence putting all this in print.
Variations in humidity and cloud conditions alone can account for 0.4 and 0.6 dB variations in slant-path attenuation at 12 and 14 GHz between the clearest "clear sky" and the limit of "non-raining" conditions on a typical path.
Greater need for noise attenuation equipment, the potential use of axial flow fans, increased demand for new fan installations at existing collieries which are being uprated and which can have severe site restri-
This "equivalent" or "effective" medium m temperature in general is different from the average atmospheric temperature but nay be used as a calibration factor to fit radiometric estimates of attenuation to measured values using satellite beacons.
The prediction of specific attenuation from radar reflectivity can be in error through uncertainty in the statistical distri bution of drop-sizes in the rain, and by not reliably detecting the change from liquid water to ice as the path passes through the melting region.
As in the case of attenuation (Sect 3.1.5) the effect of wet snow on the surface of the measuring antenna is very severe (see Sect 5.11).
To put this into perspective we can generalize and say that for a "typical" European path to the OTS satellite the attenuation exceeded for 0.01% of the time at 12 and 14 GHz was about 6 and 9 dB respectively.
The limitation of the use of radiometers for the measurement of slant-path attenuation are firstly the accuracy of calibration of the instrument and secondly, the relatively simple model for the atmosphere used in the calcu lations.
When depolarization and attenuation occurs along the satellite path this cancel lation will no longer be ideal, since the cancellation signal is derived from
If there is sufficient radiation power incident on the receiver, for example, with a range of 500 m and not too much attenuation due to smoke formation, then the level is 50 dB above the noise level.
The means by which path-integrated attenuation values were derived from radar reflectivity values is described in section 3.4.1.1.
Apart from greater damping, which invariably improves the noise situation, actions on equipment structure can rarely be carried out through intuition alone.
The damping of the electrical measuring circuit shall be such that the initial overswing beyond the final steady reading after any momentary variation in input (e.g. the calibration screen) does not exceed 4% of that reading in linear scale units.
The relative damping d is a measure of the goodness of the resonance ; it determines largely the rate at which the bodywork vibrations die away .
They are of lesser interest for testing practice, since there is as a rule no external damping; they will therefore not be observed more closely.
Table 2.4b indicates all the important data , the resonance frequencies , the vibrational amplitudes , the damping , on both constructional stages and gives a comparison with the normal production state .
Each of these modes of oscillation appears at a certain frequency (that is , the corresponding eigen frequency or natural frequency) , and is associated with a certain damping .
Aerosols, such as water droplets, and also dust aerosols give rise to a damping effect caused by fractional re sistance and dependent on particle size and frequency.
The oscillation of the float in opposition to the receptacle exerts a frictional force on the film of fluid between them, which damps the oscillations of the container, and the degree of damping is a measure of the fluid's viscosity.
B.5 Data on detector and electronic settings, such as: (i) gain or sensitivity setting; (ii) selected damping or integration time; (iii) Where applicable, report the measurement results together with the scale expansion factor.
0 depends on the following factors: the frequency content of the motion; the ratio between the duration of the motion and the fundamental period of the system; the viscous damping and the selected probability of exceedance.
The houses finally leap the wall of Philip Augustus, and scatter joyfully over the plain, without order, and all askew, like runaways.
Instead of improving the soil, they persist in keeping up the pasture lands, however depreciated they may be in value, and the lazy borough, growing away from the plain, has naturally spread riverwards.
The windows of the village were all on fire beneath the slanting rays of the sun sinking behind the field.
The meadow stretches under a bulge of low hills to join at the back with the pasture land of the Bray country, while on the eastern side, the plain, gently rising, broadens out, showing as far as eye can follow its blond cornfields.
Ramiro, King of Aragon by the grace of God... does this day challenge Ferdinand, King of Castile, Leon and Asturias... to meet him in battle on the plains of Calahorra... with all the forces he can command.
As far as Greece is concerned, this problem is taking on dramatic proportions year by year, especially for the inhabitants of Athens and the Plain of Attica, who represent almost 39% of the population of Greece.
Erik njorl, son of frothgar Rode off into the desolate plain.
How can we claim to aspire to an integrated policy in the economic field, and a concerted effort to combat unemployment, while accepting a Community policy that condemns us to procuring our arms requirements
The Lilliputian city is to be taken to Verdanis and relocated on a fertile and well-watered plain.
From the south, even unto the plain of Jordan came four warring kings:
On a higher plane, the press is a service industry, and the service it provides is awareness.
I love that Leilei said that the way of helping those who are suffering badly on the physical plane or on other planes is having a good time, doing it by having a good time.
In particular, it could invent things like a curve which fills the plane.
And so cars, as art, brings it into an emotional plane -- if you accept that -- that you have to deal with on the same level you would with art with a capital A.
And I went from what's called real numbers, which are points on a line, to imaginary, complex numbers, which are points on a plane, which is what one should do there, and this shape came out.
Inside the spectral light is salvation... a window to the next plane.
On a broader plane, at its meeting on 4 November 1985 the Council took stock of the progress made since the adoption, on 8 November 1982, of its conclusions on the coordination of aid.
The Native Americans appeared to have access to an elevated plane, that no matter what I do, or how much I think I understand...
A similar intensity distribution is obtained when instead of being absorbent the surfaces also reflect but do not lie in the same plane and therefore lead to a phase'displacement for the reflected light.
The fleet's coordinates are radius vector 33 degrees left off the elliptical plane:
So now I'm not specifying a single ratio anymore to fold it, but instead I'm establishing a rule, I'm establishing a link between a property of a surface and how that surface is folded.
49 is the smallest natural number with the property that it and its two direct neighbours are not square-free.
And a miracle berry, if you're not familiar with it, is a natural ingredient, and it contains a special property.
So they are one cell and they have this special property that they only have one piece of DNA.
It's an emergent property which depends on the rules of interaction in the system, so it's probably not the result of a top-down approach like a global conspiracy.
Radium...radium is a divalent element which has the property of being luminescent in the dark.
An analysis of the physical properties of sodium and potassium (see Table I) shows that superheating and hence retardation of boiling is a characteristic property of sodium and potassium.
British governments sought deliberately to cartelise and control the major sectors of the British economy, basically checking the spirit of initiative and innovation that had been such a dominant feature of the British manufacturing sector in the 19th century.
In an EMU, an externality is also at work since credibility is a property of the system which is shared by all its members.
tell me, what is the most outstanding property of the diamond?
It had nothing to do with their intellect, the quality of their intellect.
The Bohemians, said Gringoire, were vassals of the King of Algiers, in his quality of chief of the White Moors.
The ability to work hard is an admirable quality, but the ability to relax is equally important.
And this peculiar recursive quality that we call self-awareness, which I think is the holy grail of neuroscience, of neurology, and hopefully, someday, we'll understand how that happens.
In your quality of a high−toned sharper, you will not have to pay the taxes on mud, or the poor, or lanterns, to which the bourgeois of Paris are subject."
When my parents bought my sister and I our first Nintendo, whatever inherent addictive quality this early interactive electronic entertainment possessed quickly took hold of me.
'Honesty is only a negative quality,' said he.
It's the quality that first attracted me to your Uncle.
The acoustic quality of the test area may be characterized by the environmental constant C as defined in 8.6.2.
Besides there's a quality about you that I'd love to capture on film.
We made up a little batch and we put it on the driveway and we threw a match and phew, it flared up. Ah, it was great.
I thought it was so cool as a little boy when my dad would bring home the latest Ford or Lincoln and leave it in the driveway.
Isn't it weird that my 48-year-old husband is forever losing his way home in the car, from the driveway?"
Sweetheart, don't ever leave your bike in the driveway again, please.
Just keep your window down, the smell will take you right up the driveway.
You know that little hole in your driveway, the one all the neighborhood children splash and play in after it rains?
I had landed myself in the driveway of some big mansion that looked run-down and deserted.
Well, there aren't any motorists in this driveway... except you.
Mama, I'll be right out when I can get down my own driveway.
Well, he's mad because there's a streetlight out and there's a pothole right in front of the driveway.
Three days ago a yogurt truck slammed into me at the entrance of Çaglayan.
Lisboa, Europe's port of entry and the point from which ships set off in search of the "New World".
He was going to clean the entrance before dark.
— entry to level CO 04 from the Cinquantenaire-Loi tunnel for vehicles coming from Tervu ren;
In steep slope there is generally, from the entrance to the exit,
Where the fishing operations necessitate more than one entry into the zones referred to under 1.1 on a given day, one single communication on the last exit will be sufficient.
I'm spoofing fake phones with static gps All along our route to simulate gridlock All the way to the entrance ramp.
• how many parking spaces remain available on each level of the car park; the information is displayed at every entrance and on the ramps; which exits are open.
The gravel pit's coming up. I can make out the entrance.
In the face of the Israeli refusal, seen here as a genuine humiliation, the Palestinian Authority is tempted to ban the entry of the peace sailors to Gaza.
"Running time: two minutes. Input, output: 90 minutes."
There is a simple input, it's always a cube that I start with, and it's a very simple operation -- it's making a fold, and doing this over and over again.
And you put lots of those together, you get the essentials of the modern computer: the arithmetic unit, the central control, the memory, the recording medium, the input and the output.
One of them is the input from the user, as you're building your bricks.
You can also just sort of give vague input and then try and have Wolfram Alpha figure out what you're talking about.
And that means input and output are in the same space enabling stuff like this.
Your eyes and your ears are your ports, input and output?
If ECHO receives no input from you for a period of 10 minutes it will time out.
And the thing that I'm grappling with by just focusing on the most obvious linear input stream.
The system will automatically terminate your session if it receives no input from you for a period of ten minutes.
Foltrigg filed a custody petition and the hearing's at 10.
You had a good idea for making me read your one hundred fifty millionth petition begging to close down the saloon, but if you can't succeed in keeping your own husband in the house,
I understand you have a petition that just can't wait.
I don't believe you've signed our petition yet.
Now, my sister Emily and Mrs. Zebulon Walton are going to pass among you with our petition.
We hate to intrude on you like this but we're collecting signatures for a petition urging the city council to close down that dreadful place - if the ladies will forgive my language - the Belly Button.
Well, someone is going to, and I don't want any petition to the Board of Education.
Where were you and your ladies with your petition then?
But if that petition goes through and we save that house, then maybe someday Zeb'll just up and remember it on his own.
When he reads all those names on that petition, he'll change his mind.
And this exhibition is about the work of designers that help us be more elastic, and also of designers that really work on this elasticity as an opportunity. And one last thing is that it's not only designers, but it's also scientists.
Elasticity of mind is something that we really need, you know, we really need, we really cherish and we really work on.
When that moves into polymers, you can change the elasticity, the fluidity of the form.
And based on the elasticity of the epidermis, she couldn't have been over 30.
So, based on the flounce hem of your skirt and the elasticity of your skin, I'd say you're in your mid-20s.
The musculature of your legs and your shoulders suggests a certain elasticity I find quite tantalizing. I must warn you, however, a relationship between us could never go beyond the physical.
The elasticity of the material would have created a trampoline effect.
Because of the development of telecc.mmunications, the growth of expenditure can, in general, be represented by a hypothesis of constant elasticity (value of e in forecasts = 0.6).
The configuration of veins, the ratio of thickness to elasticity, the delicate asymmetry of what you call your balls, and with relatively few adjustments, your genitals can be molded into a functioning heart for the most important man in the universe.
(D By elasticity, we mean the property' that makes a fabric tend to revert to its original dimensions when the forces distorting it cease to operate.
Such factors include the presence of faults, natural and induced jointing, bedding and laminations, abrasivity and 'resilience'.
A session manager provides resilience to unplanned disconnection and a replica manager demonstrator shows how file synchronisation can be achieved.
Considering the first, steelmakers were now producing steels of better quality and improved performance with greater resilience, weldability, resistance to corrosion, and so on.
There the resilience of the traditional family was contrasted with the growing fluidity in family structure in most European countries, the increase in single person and small households, and the unpredictability of family life cycle stages.
During the initial phase of the slowdown employment levels appeared fairly resilient, and the rise in unemployment remained quite limited, but the European labour market‘s resilience appears recently to have weakened somewhat.
From field experience in the United Kingdom it is evident that in massive rocks resilience may be a critical factor.
The resilience of the European labour market appears to be weakening…
And after nine months of grueling recovery, he's now eating steak with A1 sauce.
One very clear way is the marine protected areas, especially no-take reserves that we set aside to allow for the recovery for marine life.
Keynes called this the "paradox of thrift" -- saving slows down recovery.
Now if this signal is used for males and females to find each other for mating and they're dispersed, imagine the impact this could have on the recovery of endangered populations.
That display of yours should go miles towards helping Charlotte's recovery.
Conversely, Europe's economy is heading towards a recovery in the second half of 1999.
Well, patient's status post minimally invasive procedures have been shown to have decreased post-surgical discomfort and recovery times.
There will be a flight from the dollar, higher, even higher interest rates, a full stop to economic recovery in America, in Europe, everywhere, and a further unbearable tightening of the screw on the developing countries. tries.
If she gargles with salt water and humidifies her room and rests her voice, her recovery will be swift and painless.
We say 'no' because the basic need to promote economic recovery is ignored.
Half-an-hour's recreation succeeded, then study; then the glass of water and the piece of oat-cake, prayers, and bed.
And yet, years of concentration solely on work and individual success meant that in his retirement he could find no solace in family, in recreation, in sports or in hobbies.
A time for leisure, recreation, and takin' 'er easy... Unless you're me.
Greece recorded a sharp rise of 1.0%, mainly caused by higher prices for clothing, food, health care and recreation.
And it is my opinion that your detective stories are the normal recreation of snobbish, out-dated, life-hating, ignoble minds.
Then all that remains is to get funds also for sport and recreation so far as tourism is concerned.
Tell me, do you agree that the detective story is the normal recreation of noble minds?
In contrast, they consumed considerably less than the average in transport, recreation, restaurants, cafés and travel, which can be explained by both their lower level of mobility and their low income.
As for recreation, you'll have little time for it.
Are you able to say in a sentence or two how this type of thinking could integrate at some point to things like string theory or the kind of things that people think of as the fundamental explanations of the universe?
This explanation given, the subject was dropped, and no further reference made to it by either Mr. Rivers or his sisters.
I want to get a satisfactory explanation for your conduct.
And the number we end up with -- that number which is a little bit less than one in 100 -- is to do with how likely one of those explanations is relative to the other.
"I see I must come to an explanation.
I can't believe that you aren't at least willing to consider the possibility that there's another explanation.
But then, is Northern Ireland a unique example, or does this kind of explanation only hold more generally in democratic and developed countries?
I read these words over and over again: I felt that an explanation belonged to them, and was unable fully to penetrate their import.
Don't hesitate to ask questions if you don't understand my explanation.
I think perhaps we can find an explanation for all this without calling in spooks.
And then there was this other statement that came out from the U.N. Department of Security and Safety saying that, in Afghanistan, because of this work, the violence was down by 70 percent.
On the contrary, the first statement even hints at the second.
In September 1972, a general statement between Japan and China was signed, and diplomatic relations were normalized.
And clearly this composition is his final statement to her -- it was first performed after his death -- and through her to the world.
And obviously he never came down. The statement was never made.
I did promise to make some sort of statement when I finished here.
An equal opportunity policy consists of a set of aims and procedures adopted by an organisation which can be summarised in a public statement and made known to all employees.
Police revealed no further information since their first statement.
D0392 Statement by the Commission on South Africa Speakers: Narjes, Campinos, Mühlen, Seligman, Tongue, Beyer De Ryke
I have, as you can see... appended to your orders a statement over my signature... to the effect that I assume total and complete responsibility... for all such actions.
This is the decree, this object is the evidence for the fact that the Jews, after the exile in Babylon, the years they'd spent sitting by the waters of Babylon, weeping when they remembered Jerusalem, those Jews were allowed to go home.
By edict of the Inquisition... offenders will submit to purification... by sword or flame.
By a Decree enacted by the Walloon Executive on 27 October 1982, a rehabilitation grant was introduced, enabling insulation work to be carried out.
The order also said that if we surrender our weapons
Adama, the Council has taken a vote and has decided to rescind our edict, extending emergency powers, and giving you full command.
Let what is said be recorded as the judgment and decree of the Senate and people of Rome.
Musketeers. By joint edict of His Majesty the King, Louis Xlll... and His Eminence Cardinal Richelieu... the Musketeers are officially disbanded.
Upon your confession of faith and your obedience to the word of God, regarding His death, burial and resurrection. I do indeed baptize you in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ for the remission of your sins.
This is for example the casewhen there are refunds payable under the common agricultural policyor drawback, remission or repayment of duty.
Then, by the almighty and merciful God, I grant you pardon, absolution and remission of your sins.
Form Τ 5 Is issued by the appropriate customs office in the Member State from which the goods are consigned to another Member State in which they are to be put to the use or sent to the destination specified in the decision granting repayment or remission of duties.
The Commission also paid EUR 100 million to the European Investment Bank for remission of debt on special EDF loans administered by the EIB.
I had not; I soon asked and obtained leave of Mr. Rochester, to go and see her at the school where he had placed her.
I swear to you, upon my share of Paradise, not to approach you without your leave and permission, but do give me some supper."
"You should have waited for my leave to descend," she said. "You still look very pale--and so thin!
He has, my lord, wrung from me my slow leave by laboursome petition, and at last upon his will I sealed my hard consent.
That leave included inter alia a condition that she did not take up paid or unpaid employment other than as an au pair.
On 5 March and 24 August 1992 Mr El-Yassini applied for an extension of his leave to remain in the United Kingdom, relying in particular on the first paragraph of Article 40 of the EEC-Morocco Agreement.
Yet now, I must confess, that duty done, my thoughts and wishes bend again towards France and bow them to your gracious leave and pardon. Hm.
However, in relation to the defendant domiciled in France, the Master concluded that no leave was necessary because the question of service was governed by the Convention.
You could never get a permit to dump this in the ocean, and it's coming out all from it.
"We must become one flesh without any delay, Jane: there is but the licence to get--then we marry."
I don't have a permit for this kind of party.
Without a crew and a permit we're out of business.
Over 10 000 private associations (mainly home owners) and public bodies (especially municipalities) hold a licence to install and operate communal aerials and other local cable networks.
then we'll grant a license to his annihilation.
Vittinghoff have asked to speak in order to inform the House that the Committee on Transport held a special meeting this morning to consider the referred back Gasoliba i Böhm report on the Commission's proposals on the driving licence.
Do you have a permit for parking 200 cars here?
— the power to revoke an institution's authorization and co grane in ics place a conditional licence (Banking Αα 1979, Section 7(1) (a) and Section 10).
You called a foreigner in, offering to renew his work permit, whereas in fact you were setting him a trap.
More recently, the U.S. government revealed that in September 2008, more than 3 million people in the state of Espirito Santo in Brazil were plunged into darkness, victims of a blackmail operation from cyber pirates.
Did you take a special course in blackmail or is it a natural talent?
We have got to end this Turkish blackmail of the European Community.
Uh, jewel thief, blackmail, something... sordid.
The French President considered the package of Commission pro- posals to be pure blackmail.
Well, home after a hard day's blackmailing.
5.1The complainant claimed that the Commission had been trying,for more than twoyears,systematically to eliminate the complainant and its partners as competitors andcritics,using defamation,bullying tactics and blackmail.
I know very littleabout such things. This could becalled blackmail.
Our relationship with that big country, which is geographically outside Europe, is worthy of more than a specious sort of assimilation, pregnant with misunderstandings, blackmail and disappointed hopes.
It's only blackmail, Baby... when you're dumb enough to get caught.
So, if you mention extortion again I'll have your legs broken.
The Maoists continue to commit severe human rights abuses, including beatings, killings, bombings, abductions and forced indoctrination (including of children), extortion, intimidation, and the use of child soldiers.
Breaking and entering, extortion, assault and battery- quite an agenda.
He could bust Kusumoto, squeeze him on charges of extortion or fraud. Best bet's to get the property returned to the guy.
That's extortion, assault, larceny, bilking a shop, property damage, public indecency.
perjury, bigamy, deserting his wife and children, inciting prostitution, kidnapping, extortion, receiving stolen goods, selling stolen goods, passing counterfeit money, and, contrary to the laws of this state, the condemned is guilty of using marked cards...
Therefore it must be assumed that she is a party to the extortion.
Or you can live in a world where actually intangible value constitutes a greater part of overall value, that actually intangible value, in many ways is a very, very fine substitute for using up labor or limited resources in the creation of things.
Huck found a spring of clear cold water close by, and the boys made cups of broad oak or hickory leaves, and felt that water, sweetened with such a wildwood charm as that, would be a good enough substitute for coffee.
It's a word I'd like to find a substitute for.
Indeed, we argue, there is no substitute for wisdom.
"Pardon me, madam: no need of explanation; your own fine sense must inform you that one of your frowns would be a sufficient substitute for capital punishment."
Honey is a great nutritional substitute for regular sugar because there are different types of sugars in there.
"No. I will retain my post of mistress till you get a substitute."
Now, I have a backup, and I break it in gradually so it's not such a shock, and I'm always out scouting.
High-definition television (HDTV) is an electronic substitute for cinema quality-film.
- Though as you say... - Thirty-five. ...we only need to vary the intermediates to make a substitute for wool, cotton, linen, whatever you please.
And we make a drop-in replacement for that plastic that's made from petrochemicals.
Are you already thinking of a replacement for Tom?
Every 30 seconds a patient dies from diseases that could be treated with tissue regeneration or replacement.
It's a word I'd like to find a replacement for.
What I'm not suggesting is that microbial cellulose is going to be a replacement for cotton, leather or other textile materials.
Now, regarding a replacement for Cha, do you have someone in mind?
(iii) the substitution of frozen wild Pacific salmon (from the United States and Canada) in favour of frozen farmed Atlantic salmon from Norway.
Okay, Mr. Arnoux, I'll work through the night and try to build a replacement.
Here it is important to realize that a structural policy must be a complement to a sound price and market policy — not a replacement for it.
[Announcer] Tune in next week and see the replacement for Pigs In Space!
And regardless of the culture, regardless of education or whatever, there are these seven conditions that seem to be there when a person is in flow.
He attracted Levin by his good education, his splendid accent in French and English, and by the fact that he belonged to Levin's own class.
Look here -- you have to end poverty, education, gender, child and maternal health, control infections, protect the environment and get the good global links between nations in every aspect from aid to trade.
Mrs. Fairfax turned out to be what she appeared, a placid-tempered, kind-natured woman, of competent education and average intelligence.
I believe that education should be secular, not rooted in religion.
Should spending time abroad be made an integral part of every child's education?
Catholic education is not like that in the public schools.
But barring such an anomalous upbringing, it is strange to imagine other realms separate from ours, most with fundamentally different features, that would rightly be called universes of their own.
But in surviving this last year, I was reminded of a cardinal rule -- not a research rule, but a moral imperative from my upbringing -- you've got to dance with the one who brung ya.
Nobody else can do that: nobody else can pull from your background, from your parents, your upbringing, your whole life experience.
The troopers took me and turned me over to the Reverend Silas Pendrake, for moral guidance and a Christian upbringing.
As those responsible for the upbringing and education of their children and as the school's clients they have a special stake in its functioning.
Nor did I take on little Sophie's upbringing to hurt Sissi, but because I consider that Sissi is still a child herself, and that women our age are more qualified to raise children.
1. support action, in particular within the framework of collective agreements, to create an environment, structure and organization of work which take into account the needs of all working parents with responsibility for the care and upbringing of children ;
It's true that i have pride bearing, taste, exceptional breeding... but i lost most of my money some years ago.
There has, however, been an increasing focus on the need for reform to encourage men to participate in the upbringing and care of children.
At least, as far as the upbringing of your children is concerned.
Are we supposed to find oil under 2,000 fathoms of sea?
But some woman is down there... under 10 fathoms of green water... all alone in a dead ship... where the shark and the giant squid swim through the dark shadows.
- The B-52 is on the ocean floor here, at a depth of eight thousand feet... or thirteen hundred thirty-three fathoms.
Filed away under any other business, the North Sea satellite detected a signal, a little blip of radiation at 100 fathoms.
"I have lost 200 fathoms of good line and hooks and leaders, " he thought.
Oh, well, I don't know. Maybe he's chained up in a sarcophagus 20,000 fathoms under the sea.
Because we know we see needles, but people aren't familiar with the eye of a needle apart from putting a thread through it.
A rare, precious, and never interrupted race of philosophers to whom wisdom, like another Ariadne, seems to have given a clew of thread which they have been walking along unwinding since the beginning of the world, through the labyrinth of human affairs.
She took a new needleful of thread, waxed it carefully, threaded her needle with a steady hand, and then observed, with perfect composure--
So what I want to do is say to a future bug, "Spin me a thread.
But Gringoire had lost the thread of his ideas, nevertheless.
We see a vessel bleeding, we just tie it with thread. For God sake, if you're going to do it, do it and be done with it!
For this public-law and political sciences graduate, however, moving from one area to the next was never an abrupt change. "There has been a common thread running through all the stages of my career: my negotiadng skills".
If some thread had stayed behind, we might have gotten something out of it...
“It cannot stay the same,” said the green thread.
It spins a thread, thinking itself to be safe.
But if we collect it very gently, and we bring it up into the lab and just squeeze it at the base of the stock, it produces this light that propagates from stem to the plume, changing color as it goes, from green to blue.
At length, one day, or one night, (for midnight and midday were of the same color in that sepulchre), she heard above her a louder noise than was usually made by the turnkey when he brought her bread and jug of water.
Which color do you like more, blue or red?
They are actually red; that's what gives blood its color.
"It is like!" he murmured; "the eye is well managed: the colour, light, expression, are perfect.
Indicate size, color, and style on the order form.
It would be all atoms pulsating in unison, emitting light of one color, one frequency.
'Show a light here, Theodore, here,' said Levin, examining the calf. 'Like its mother,' he said, 'although the colour is its father's; very fine, big-boned and deep-flanked.
Your watch is similar to mine in shape and color.
But I don't want the ceiling to match any colors of the flowers.
OK, a suit. I had clubs before, spades.
Name -- anyone, name, please, any suit.
Arrange the 5 playing cards... in order of descending value irrespective of the suit.
It's got to be all the same suit, like all head's or all diamonds.
For each number we think of an animal, for each suit an emotion, the court cards are actions.
First bet: 500. One round open, one closed. Chips at 20, full beats suit, flush beats three of a kind.
But all he ever wears is this exact same suit.
Imagine I were to stroke your child's arm with this feather, and their brain [was] telling them that they were feeling this hot torch.
The vagabonds recovered their courage; soon the heavy joist, raised like a feather by two hundred vigorous arms, was flung with fury against the great door which they had tried to batter down.
I must put my ideas together before I take up my pen.
Are the basics of writing learning how to sharpen a quill?
The captain burst out laughing. "Corne−de−boeuf! here's pity as well placed as a feather in a pig's tail!
The worst part was that she had allodynia, the medical term for the phenomenon that I just illustrated with the feather and with the torch.
He looked smilingly now at the feather on the Princess's bonnet and now about him, as if trying to remember something.
So imagine, if you will, that I'm stroking your arm with this feather, as I'm stroking my arm right now.
In time, after many squeezes, Tom managed to sign his initials, using the ball of his little finger for a pen.
Here is a piece of feather from the bird, found in the wreckage.
And all of these are the same principles that apply to the saddle-shaped spring in stomatopods.
Varenka, with her hat on, sat at the table examining the spring of her sunshade, which Kitty had broken.
That one spring carries the whole weight of the car.
And then we did a series of calculations, and what we were able to show is that these mantis shrimp have to have a spring.
Attach the spring to the hole in the middle.
As the main spring goes back and forth, the bishop keeps fucking her in the ass.
You take the spring from the frame underneath your bed, uncoil it and then sharpen the edge.
Now, when I pull the lever and release the spring its stored energy becomes kinetic energy propelling the boxing glove into Proton the Clown's face.
The lifelike club-foot look is caused by a built-in spring which digs into the ankle, causing excruciating pain.
Just as I thought, it's the 2nd spring to the right.
After it had been sent off, his secretary said to him, "Did you get that letter from the woman at the fete?
In the bitterness of his dramatic misadventure, everything which reminded him of the festival of that day irritated his wound and made it bleed.
The late Geoffrey Dickens, M.P. was attending a fete in his constituency.
The festival, the ambassadors, Coppenole, the Pope of the Fools, are in all mouths; they vie with each other, each trying to criticise it best and laugh the most.
A few days later he received a letter from a constituent saying how much she admired him, had met him at a fete and asking for a signed photograph.
"I do perceive it," said the recluse; "'tis two days now since I have had any water in my crock." She added, after a silence, "'Tis a festival, I am forgotten.
Before you go and celebrate your feast of love take a few drops of our love potion.
rewarded by 19 prizes, including 16 bronze productions in minority languages, notably in tores (')■ This festival makes it possible to Ireland and Scotland', explains Xavier Perrin.
Consequently they wish to join in the initiatives against racism taken by the United Nations by proclaiming 21 March each year a 'Festival of cultural differences' in educational establishments. lishments.
Praised be thou, Lord, who has permitted us to celebrate this joyous festival. Amen.
She had a blue dress on at the party yesterday.
We invited a novelist and poet to the party.
Tom was sad because he was the only one not invited to the party.
The room was decorated with flowers for the party.
I wanted to take part in the party but I couldn't.
Oh, of course, I've heard him speak of you. And I want to tell you, we're gonna give the biggest party this town ever saw.
This morning Anoosh said to me, "So you have pilaf for the party, all right.
Our town's boardwalk. Our last summer party:
It was very nice, thank you, great party!
Again, on behalf of the officers of Fort Apache I wish to thank the noncommissioned officers and their ladies for this grand party.
Most of the science that is behind these numbers, these potential targets, is based on studies on land.
It had occurred on land, in rainforests of South America and Africa, where landowners had been paid not to cut the trees down.
You may have seen this in other forms, but the top line is the amount of protected area on land, globally, and it's about 12 percent.
But we also spent many hours in the basements of the United Nations, trying to work with governments to make them understand what was going on so far away from land that few of us had ever even imagined that these creatures existed.
But unfortunately, 95 percent of the glaciers in the Arctic are also receding right now to the point that the ice is ending up on land and not injecting any ice back into the ecosystem.
Was the battle of Trafalgar fought- in the atlantic off southern Spain, or was it fought on dry land near Cudworth in Yorkshire?
It was when the boat uttered its first farewell... and the gangway had been hauled up... and the tugs had started to tow it... to draw it away from the land... that she had wept.
Only one type of civil aircraft is capable of flying at supersonic speeds and it almost always flies only at subsonic speeds over land.
Thus, when the Vikings set forth to rob and plunder England, they never sailed out of sight of land.
While a certain number of customs regulations have been harmonized, steps must now be taken to define the customs territory of the Community, restricted hitherto to land frontiers.
All communication with the mainland was cut off by the typhoon.
When the sea level rose and Tasmania became an island 10,000 years ago, the people on it not only experienced slower progress than people on the mainland, they actually experienced regress.
Hong Kong was also the model which leaders like Deng Xiaoping could copy, when they decided to move all of the mainland towards the market model.
Kindly excuse me for being so late. Thank you. I tried to contact the mainland.
The second point is that although Northern Ireland is within the United Kingdom, Northern Ireland milk producers may not sell their milk on the mainland of Great Britain.
Go ahead. We're heading straight for the channel between Branca Island and the mainland.
Logan Air and Aer Aran aircraft operate ambulance services to the mainland, so that people who need emergency hospital treatment, emergency surgery and so forth can be quickly brought in and hospitalized and treated.
One of the difficulties resides in the connections between the mainland and the various islands.
I think we'd better go back to the mainland at once.
If one looks carefully, on the Congo River is one of those bright lights. And that's the very Congo river generating light -- the old heart of darkness now generating light with hydro-electric power.
Eleven o'clock came, and the tavern lights were put out; darkness everywhere, now.
A black darkness is an example of a pleonasm.
There is generally a period of gloom just before daybreak and the complete triumph of light over darkness. Shivering with cold Levin walked rapidly with his eyes fixed on the ground.
At last he rose up sighing and departed in the darkness.
The portals of darkness are open, and the shadows of the dead hunt over the Earth...
A fine opportunity, if ever there was one, for the forces'of darkness again to start stirring the pot!
Those words were like a wind that threatened to blow me into the depths of darkness.
We talked today about the dark and the light.
With my own ears I heard her call upon the powers of darkness.
Still you are miserable; for hope has quitted you on the very confines of life: your sun at noon darkens in an eclipse, which you feel will not leave it till the time of setting.
To get home, we'll harness the power of the eclipse using a mystical relic.
I'm picking up a brilliant bead of light, like an eclipse.
But during the totality phase of the eclipse... we should be able to see matter spiraling towards it.
Every time I take off my knickers, I think there's going to be an eclipse.
To get home, we'll harness the power of the eclipse using a mystical relic.
To get home, we'll harness the power of the eclipse using a mystical relic.
There would be a shadow. Not like a full eclipse.
An eclipse happens when the three of them are perfectly aligned, and that light stops illuminating the moon.
So, that's where we'll need the eclipse advantage the most.
Hi, I'm meeting a young man here, probably in a bowtie, possibly carrying peonies.
Acquaint yourself with the basic dynamics of a real bowtie.
I've been dying to show you this bowtie I found for you to wear to Morp--
Your hair is too long, your bowtie is poorly tied, and your eyes, they shift to the left. So either you're lying, or you're about to lie.
Speaking of the past, A. Eliot, F.D.R. called. He wants his bowtie back.
We both wear the same bowtie, which is cool.
What the Actor does with this information depends on its policy, which is stored in the strengths of the connection, between the odor detectors and the motors that power the fly's evasive actions.
At that moment, a bewildered fly which was seeking the March sun, flung itself through the net and became entangled there.
My eyes weren't keen enough to distinguish whether the black spot on the ceiling was a spider or a fly.
Each chamber in these two vertical stacks contains one fly.
Poor fly, who could not have lifted even one of its blocks of stone!
Have you ever used a gun to kill a fly?
If the connection is strong, the motors will turn on and the fly will initiate a turn.
The priest, on his side, with outstretched neck and eyes starting from his head, contemplated this horrible group of the man and the young girl,−−the spider and the fly.
My eyes weren't sharp enough to tell whether the black spot on the ceiling was a spider or a fly.
You can train a fly to avoid an odor, shown here in blue, if you pair that odor with a shock.
My name is Ahmed. I am an Afghan refugee from the Khyber agency.
He fancied that some plot might be in process of formation against the unhappy refugee.
Early the third morning Tom Sawyer wisely went poking among some old empty hogsheads down behind the abandoned slaughter-house, and in one of them he found the refugee.
At 11, he was interrogated by the Sri Lankan military, accused of being a terrorist, and his parents sent him on his own to Britain as a refugee seeking political asylum.
I'm not an immigrant, refugee or exile -- they ask me why I do this -- but the commute between languages gives me the chance to recreate myself.
The issue is not who should have a right to asylum in the EU. Rather the issue concerns a better sharing of the responsibility for refugees in Europe.
Citizens who are willing to take a refugee from Germany, log into their section representative.
What immediate representations do the twelve Foreign Ministers meeting in EPC intend to make to the French authorities to prevail on them to release Ali Gün, the Kurdish militant and political refugee, forthwith and to drop the charges against him?
He was about 5'8", weighed about 150 pounds looked like a refugee. He had little, weird eyes and he had...
You look like a refugee from the Sunset Strip.
That is we thought at the time he was a fugitive.
When I was younger, I had seen this fugitive.
The escapees, originally six when they left their sector, said that the sixth fugitive, the husband of the woman with two children had been killed by the Vopos just when the group was taking advantage of the fog to cross the barbed wire.
I should have known she'd be the one to harbor a fugitive.
I'm innocent of selling bio-toxins, but I'm guilty of being a fugitive.
When you were here before, you said we worked together, but you also said you were here to retrieve a runaway.
You came here about a month ago looking for a runaway.
You are no longer an outcast, no longer a fugitive.
Imagine a fugitive from another world living amongst you with superior knowledge.
Our fugitive couldn't have chosen a better place to hide.
Now, of course it takes years to learn how to master a grand piano with a million keys.
Have you heard about my new grand piano? Now you have to hear its sound.
Can you get the guys to help you move the piano?
"She's crazy. " "Dropped a piano"?
We have a piano, and you can practice all you want to.
What I got for the grand piano is in the postal bank.
We hoisted the piano. When he came home, I dropped it on his Porsche.
- I knew what he was up to the way he sat down at the piano.
- I got out of my car, you see both the piano and the Porsche were antiques.
I've been played like a grand piano by the master, Gekko the Great.
In the '30s an airplane had two wings and a round motor, and was always flown by a guy who looked like Cary Grant.
The woodcock that was flying high up instantly folded its wings and fell into the thicket, bending down the thin young shoots.
This ant is the queen; don't you see she has wings?
Vronsky stroked her firm neck, adjusted a lock of her mane that had got on to the wrong side of her sharply-defined withers and brought his face close to her dilated nostrils, delicate as a bat's wing.
A bird can glide through the air without moving its wings.
About a year and a half ago we were asked to design an installation in the museum -- this is a new wing of the Science Museum in London, and it's primarily about digital and biomedical issues.
If I had wings, I would fly to you.
She would let us have the right wing if we needed it?
'Führer' paramilitary as of the lrish national wing oflhe'NSP, whose leader it recognized socialist movement.
- Made what? Every time you hear a bell ring, it means that some angel's just got his wings.
So, what I'm going to do is just give you the latest episode of India's -- maybe the world's -- longest running soap opera, which is cricket.
In pretty much every episode of this cartoon, there's a moment where the coyote is chasing the roadrunner and the roadrunner runs off a cliff, which is fine -- he's a bird, he can fly.
It wasn't that, so they're like, OK, let's look at television, so they looked at an episode of "Lost."
In fact," he says, "as a staff, we joke that every single episode of our show has the same crypto-theme.
Dereck Joubert: Well, our lives have basically been like a super long episode of "CSI" -- something like 28 years.
Excuse me but do you remember that time last winter when I asked you to tape an episode of Full House and you forgot?
I have nothing against that but — and this is yet another episode in this tale of mystery — I wonder how I came to have a photocopy of the Price Waterhouse report with an underlined summary page 18 which does not exist in any of the other reports.
The conclusion of this episode will be seen next on The Waltons.
Ripa di Meana (V), in writing. - (IT) We have reached the final episode of the long soap opera of transEuropean transport networks.
Now, about next week's episode the one where you knock the gun out of billy the kid's hand from a fourth-story window a half a block away with the base of a lamp.
They traded them with their neighbors for things like stingray barbs, and the consequence was that stone axes ended up over a large part of Australia.
The consequence was, that the smaller boys spent their days in terror and suffering and their nights in plotting revenge.
His broken arm was the result of a slip on the ice.
And this is a consequence of the fact that these new technologies tend to be digital.
Hence, he became more and more learned, and, at the same time, as a natural consequence, more and more rigid as a priest, more andmore sad as a man.
The consequence of a wrong translation can sometimes be catastrophic.
As a result, 25,000 people a year go blind, hundreds of thousands lose limbs, every year, for something that's solvable.
'If goodness has a cause, it is no longer goodness if it has a consequence – a reward, it is also not goodness.
This increase in unemployment is a consequence of the recession.
There was a rumour going around at the time... That she became pregnant as a result of her chasing away the evil spirits.
Without loss of generality, we can say that the sequence converges to zero.
If that's a sequence, I'm not sure where to begin.
Conversely, the deformations imposed at moderate temperatures can give rise to a certain amount of precipitation in the austenite phase, influencing, in turn, the work hardening-recovery-recrystallisation sequence.
I'm just theorizing... on an incredible sequence of events.
But since the lignx spoxs are uncorrelated, tue voltage amplitudes also vary con siaeraDlv in size and sequence.
Is your life a sequence of sad and depressing days?
It consists of a structured sequence of consultant-supported assessment and improvement activities, and focuses on the three key variables of quality, cost and delivery (QCD).
Computer trajectory models predict a steady acceleration in sequence with the gravitational constant.
51 - progress and promote informed public discussion on these questions. The sequence will be designed to achieve the maximum public awareness of the issues raised by the need to accelerate the pace of economic and social progress.
Most of it was in $100 bills and in sequence.
Well, remember the philosopher's explanation of the lady?
Any man who can drive safely while kissing a pretty lady is simply not giving the kiss the attention it deserves.
I'll get that lady at the laundromat who always seems to know what being nice is.
He had spent so much for repairs at Tostes, for madame's toilette, and for the moving, that the whole dowry, over three thousand crowns, had slipped away in two years.
And old lady ran to the door and say, "Who is it?"
The old lady was kind enough to show me the way to the station.
A lady as charming as you would and should get love letters.
"Narratives of two small girls, each child describing "a beautiful lady in white who promised her chocolates, "enticed her to a secluded spot
Mr Davern. — Madam President, this debate on the situation regarding sheepmeat in the European Community comes at a time when the future of sheepmeat production is at a crossroads.
Only the dame's beginning to get on my nerves, that's all.
This is my wife Dusty, with a mushroom called Fomitopsis officinalis -- Agarikon.
"Then I will fetch Leah, and wake John and his wife."
The old woman fell and could not get up.
Here was a woman, part of the ordinary masses of Nigerians, who were not supposed to be readers.
I knew gipsies and fortune-tellers did not express themselves as this seeming old woman had expressed herself; besides I had noted her feigned voice, her anxiety to conceal her features.
The old woman lends money at the rate of three percent.
And it's a great honor to be an Iranian woman and an Iranian artist, even if I have to operate in the West only for now.
I sought my ideal of a woman amongst English ladies, French countesses, Italian signoras, and German grafinnen. I could not find her.
After his wife left him, Harold went nuts.
"...when he moreover heard that my wife had left me, he agreed to my proposal."
And here's "The Guide for the Perplexed" by Maimonides.
"You know this place, Mason," said our guide; "she bit and stabbed you here."
This is the guide who took us around the castle.
By what instinct do you pretend to distinguish between a fallen seraph of the abyss and a messenger from the eternal throne--between a guide and a seducer?"
Our guide misinformed us about the location of the hotel.
Then he stretched his hand out to be led. I took that dear hand, held it a moment to my lips, then let it pass round my shoulder: being so much lower of stature than he, I served both for his prop and guide.
This is the guide who took us around the castle.
You're the only guide here who knows that country.
This is a detailed guide to degree, diploma and certificate courses approved by the NCEA.
A group was looking for a guide for a camera safari only last week.
It's easy to look at what I've said so far, and say, "Wait a minute, I don't have what it takes to be that kind of leader."
I know my Leader: that He is just as well as mighty; and while He has chosen a feeble instrument to perform a great task, He will, from the boundless stores of His providence, supply the inadequacy of the means to the end.
Because it's not enough to remove a leader or ruler or dictator.
Which means, by definition, that particular leader no longer exists.
- Yes. In a crisis like this, Freedonia needs a new leader, a progressive fighter, a man like Rufus T. Firefly!
Birindwa, yet another UDPS leader, languishes in gaol like many of his supporters.
Now is the time to defeat them totally, and after that the composer of Croatian operas will no longer be an unpaid supervisor at the Musical Institute, but rather the leader of the entire Croatian musical establishment.
And, of course, I am not forgetting in this connection Felipe Gonzales, despite his youth the leader of the opposition, an alter native that inspires confidence in this new democracy.
You merit the command of the Delta army. As of today, you are its leader.
It is about jobs in those industries which are concerned with the creation of alcoholic beverages, particularly in the northwest of England, which I represent and which the leader of the Labour Party in this House represents.
If at any time during the game we want to learn more about the characters, we can go into this hidden hallway, and I'll quickly just show you the interface.
And if it had only happened to be night he would not have seen that speck of daylight and would not have explored that passage any more!
The corridor was so crowded that we couldn't walk.
We put the mops in the hallway and re-engineered the thing and that's where we recorded the first Grammy.
Instantly Tom answered it, and leading Becky by the hand, started groping down the corridor in its direction.
The bats chased the children a good distance; but the fugitives plunged into every new passage that offered, and at last got rid of the perilous things.
He seized Becky's hand and hurried her into the first corridor that offered; and none too soon, for a bat struck Becky's light out with its wing while she was passing out of the cavern.
I've just seen at least a million Mexicans in the corridor.
And down the hall, Col. J.R. Ballantine, our publisher.
As in other pieces of legislation in favour of women, the real problem lies in overcoming prejudices which spread over our continent, if not the rest of mankind, and also down the long corridor of history.
They not only recorded history -- they helped change the course of history.
This sight suddenly changed the course of his ideas, and congealed his enthusiasm as a breath of air congeals melted rosin.
Once order had been restored, every trace of those events would have been erased and everything would take its previous course once more.
He briefly reviewed the whole course of his thoughts during the last two years, beginning with the clear and obvious thought of death at the sight of his beloved brother hopelessly ill.
So I had to rush over here and try to find another first course.
Saba: five minutes of debauchery after a lunch consisting of a single course of sausage with mustard.
In the course of time, for want of other resources, this aid was also given to the rest of the countries of Central and Eastern Europe.
Humble servant, bring us the first course to dine with pleasure.
It called for three extra footmen, two dishes for each course and a Roman punch in the middle.
There is all kinds of sort of plug-and-play kind of Legos that you can do to capture, in the wild, in the real world, things like tremor, gait, stride length and those kinds of things.
Ben's gait was the hop-skip-and-jump--proof enough that his heart was light and his anticipations high.
So, it tries to adapt its gait to successfully cross over these kind of things.
Indeed, just at that moment Karenin, with his deliberate, ungraceful gait, entered the drawing-room.
You can see by his gait, he's getting weaker.
He left us with that tall stature, that lithe gait and that incisive gaze, which made him bear such a striking resemblance to his Viking forebears.
The judge is examining the dog's gait one more time before he makes his decision.
I remember your feline gait, your silver locks, and the cigarette-end which smouldered endlessly between your lips, masking from your onlookers the majesty of State with which, suddenly, you were not averse to shine.
This particular ore can be found in the gait of a beautiful girl - in her smile, in her soul, in the way she makes every rotten thing about life seem OK.
Your gait and the contour of your ankle indicate that you've suffered compound fractures to the medial and the lateral malleolus. Lateral mallebious.
Put it in gear first, then accelerate slowly.
Irrespective of their engine capacity, motorcycles fitted with a gearbox with not more than four gears are tested in second gear.
Well, do you remember whether you left it in gear?
And you put her in gear, and that truck just winched herself up.
Not only is there a first and second gear, there is also reverse, as shown by the example of Greece whose per capita GNP of over 58% of the Community average in 1980 fell to below 53% in 1988.
Now, show him the stick at the quarter pole, and he'll give you a whole new gear.
The number of returning holdings per division shall be as shown in Annex I.
(ii) Oldage pensions: Section 'Caisse de retraite des marins' du quartier des affaires maritimes (Mariners' Pension Fund, Department of the Maritime Affairs Division)
The division of labour between SI and the NEI on business statistics is currently undergoing some changes.
So President Delors had the opportunity to speak of the effects which the Commission's work is having in the context of consolidation of the internal market and the all-important division of labour among the institutions in achieving that objective. tive.
Division, the opponent sent a letter to the Office, the penultimate sentence of which stated as follows:
Pesticide residues ih fruit and vegetables ( > point 2.1.167); Further details can be obtained from the European Investment Bank, Information Division, 100 boulevard Konrad Adenauer, L2950 Luxembourg, tel. (352) 43791.
Section 'Caisse de retraite des marins' du quartier des affaires maritimes' (Mariners' Pension Fund, Department of Maritime Affairs Division).
That is what it is to have a domain of expertise.
And the object of chemistry, Madame Lefrancois, being the knowledge of the reciprocal and molecular action of all natural bodies, it follows that agriculture is comprised within its domain.
But as the work of the new institution was very complicated and his project covered a very extensive domain, he could not decide this immediately, and taking off his pince-nez said:
The kitchen of her house was left unsearched because that was her domain.
The Treaty gives the Community only limited powers in this domain.
His name was Jean-Baptiste Grenouille. And if his name has been forgotten today, it is for the sole reason... that his entire ambition was restricted to a domain... that leaves no trace in history:
I could see that we were entering a domain in which Eurostat had no operational or technical experience and which would also involve us in a political debate with part ners whom we did not know.the national mapping agencies (NMA).
Virgil told me he could get you and Mom out of the domain.
Extending this thrust to language not only has implications for the concept of domain which lacks the choice element, but also suggests that institutionalisation is prioritised in the relationship between policy and practice.
From the moment it first takes to the air, this magnificent creature is master of its domain.
I believe that religion is the province of our worthy priests.
For the province of Luxembourg, the prize went to visual arts class 5 at the Institut Saint Remade in Marche en Famenne for a silent video film entitled 'Social security man'.
Owing to the Community's STAR and Télématique programmes a number of centres that are geographically scattered throughout the province now enable companies to access the network.
Pongee; Chinese fabrics called shantung, honan, assan, antung, ninghai, according to the province in which they originated.
The second was a province of some 400 000 inhabitants with intensive industry, farming and animal husbandry.
Parliament condemned the recent violence in Kosovo and called on the other EU institutions to take practical steps to deal with the situation in the province.
Farmers in the south-east Austrian province of Carinthia, on the border with Italy and Slovenia, produce a traditional cheese with a flavour typical of the area.
In carrying out those tasks that come within its own particular province, the Italian Presidency intends to avail itself of the achievements of the previous six months.
One of the things we're trying to do at Woods Hole with our partners is to bring this virtual world -- this world, this unexplored region -- back to the laboratory.
KOZNYSHEV, AN EXPERIENCED DIALECTICIAN, did not rejoin but immediately turned the conversation into another region.
We must pay attention to the fact that no nation claimed sovereignty over this region.
And it is within that region that I'm going to highlight now that we have this housing of all the life-regulation devices of the body.
The importance of delivering laptops to this region is connecting kids who have otherwise been unconnected because of the FARC, the guerrillas that started off 40 years ago as a political movement and then became a drug movement.
And in the center of Kunene region is the village of Sesfontein. This is where I was born.
It is important to know that this region's south shore - is particularly rich in various nickels
In this report Mr Harris, whose attention is particularly directed to one peripheral maritime region in the south-west of England tonight, has made a comprehensive and detailed study of the difficulties facing areas as diverse as the Cyclades and the Shetlands.
When we came to this region, we were told about some...mysterious dangers.
There is no intervention in region 5 (United Kingdom);
Since we took these first steps, the field of optogenetics has exploded.
There was no subject with which he was not acquainted, but he only exhibited his knowledge when forced to do so.
She is looked on as the leading authority on the subject.
And one of the great experts in this field, of course, was, bless him, Cardinal Wolsey. Be very careful what you get into people's heads because it's virtually impossible to shift it afterwards, right?
At the end of half an hour Tom had a vague general idea of his lesson, but no more, for his mind was traversing the whole field of human thought, and his hands were busy with distracting recreations.
An expert is someone who knows some of the worst mistakes that can be made in his field, and how to avoid them.
Well, this is another trend in the field.
) I understood your husband's an authority on the subject.
The table below shows the activity of the SATMR in this field.
We've had a lot of experience in this field And we do pride ourselves We offer the best and most discreet service available.
And I've played everything from a vengeful ghost in the time of slavery to Secretary of State in 2004.
She looked as if she had seen a ghost.
My mother would say it was the ghost of my grandmother from the very first book, because it seemed I knew things I was not supposed to know.
She looked as though she had seen a ghost.
We could talk about a kind of soul, of a ghost compelling them.
It's a ghost, and only I can speak to him.
Because a chap becomes a ghost, it surely doesn't mean that he ceases to be a gentleman.
However, only a skeleton would look forbidding and reduce him to a ghost from the realm of the dead.
There was a tennis court, or rather the ghost of a tennis court, with faded markings and a sagging net.
You can put so much information into that mind, it's in full [receiving] mode.
No fear of death will darken St. John's last hour: his mind will be unclouded, his heart will be undaunted, his hope will be sure, his faith steadfast.
Nature endowed her with both a sound mind and a sound body.
And the way you should do that is study the furniture, let it marinate in your mind, distract yourself, and then a few days later, go with your gut, because unconsciously you've figured it out.
"No delusion--no madness: your mind, sir, is too strong for delusion, your health too sound for frenzy."
Only a male intellect clouded by the sexual drive could call the stunted, narrow-shouldered, broad-hipped and short-legged sex the fair sex.
The Dalai Lama always likes to say -- he says that when you give birth in your mind to the idea of compassion, it's because you realize that you yourself and your pains and pleasures are finally too small a theater for your intelligence.
Presently the spelling-book discovery was made, and Tom's mind was entirely full of his own matters for a while after that.
In one of my most loathed fever dreams, I had to unscramble a block of dry ramen with my mind.
All the noble books which have lived in my mind ever since, and always I hoped, and kept my faith.
Give them permission, if you like, to spend their political capital and your financial capital, your national purse on saving the lives of millions of people.
"Take it, then!" said the archdeacon angrily, flinging his purse at him.
He must love such a handsome, noble, witty, accomplished lady; and probably she loves him, or, if not his person, at least his purse.
Hey, Harry? If you need to talk, speak into the purse.
TOLIMAC provides a multicurrency electronic purse, as opposed to existing public electronic purses (20 different systems in Europe).
Now it's going to take her 20 minutes to find her purse, look for her sandals... find her sunglasses, get outta here.
The gospels state categorically that Christ possessed a purse.
You see, when everything else is gone... isn't a young woman at least entitled to her pride... the coin without which your purse is entirely empty?
Neither tongs, nor hammers, nor the lion's claws, nothing in the world can make me part with a purse.
Anyone wanting to buy land round here must have a fair few coins in his purse.
And whenever we raise oxytocin, people willingly open up their wallets and share money with strangers.
While she distracted Tom, her boyfriend stole his wallet.
He said that he had left his wallet at home.
I never even noticed I'd lost my wallet until I got home.
It was his wallet and what he had on him.
Although these choices are not always easy on the wallet, they are beneficial to health and can have a modest impact on farming practices.
We'll give you back your passport and your wallet, clean you up and-
I stole $20 from his wallet while he was sleeping.
Well, I would have, but I didn't want to wake you, prying my wallet out of your claws.
Just be sure you keep your hand on your wallet at all times.
He is a boy from a parish in Caracas who passionately attended to his double bass lessons at the San Agustin's Junior Orchestra.
St. John did not rebuke our vivacity; but he escaped from it: he was seldom in the house; his parish was large, the population scattered, and he found daily business in visiting the sick and poor in its different districts.
One reason of the distance yet observed between us was, that he was comparatively seldom at home: a large proportion of his time appeared devoted to visiting the sick and poor among the scattered population of his parish.
Your parishioners can wait, it's my turn to play.
For example, a municipality running a tram service will not comply with the Supplies Directive when purchasing the vehicles to be used for that service but will have to do so when purchasing school furniture.
"This very afternoon, I was approached with a sugarcoated proposition... ... abribeofferedme by this corrupt officialdom. $ 100,000 for the building and equipment of a recreation center in my parish...
The honourable Member is also requested to make it clear whether the municipality in question actually pursues an activity relating to the production, transport or distribution of drinking water or energy.
But every year, a month later, in another parish, a new invasion is prepared.
amendments adopted in committee which in effect mean the regions and municipalities, which we should all like to see breathing life into the Community, becoming either mere figures of rhetoric or else an effective means of paralysing the process of European construction and legislation.
He has received support not only from the left of the political spectrum but also from liberals and from many other organizations such as the churches — including the Bishop of Manchester — and, of course, the church and parish which has given him sanctuary.
The town didn't realized it back in '49.
The town council of Ivry-sur-Seine wanted to introduce a quota for children's holiday camps 'to check and reduce the proportion of immigrants', as the deputy-mayor put it (Le Monde, 30 January 1981).
Comrades and fellow citizens I am happy to place the first stone in the Citizen's Center soon to rise here in the heart of town symbol of our will toward action and social progress.
The names of the people present were not recorded except for the chairman of the LAG, who was the mayor of the town promoting the project.
Well, when I was a maid at the Mayflower, out on the interstate, long before you were even an idea... their daddy used to pass through town and leave the boys with me
D the 49 urban districts form the intermediate level: the electorate of a town may ask the Minister for the Environment to make it an urban district;
And no one in town is ever gonna speak to me again.
The town now accommodates the Netherlands' largest fish auction market.
...have told New Zealand News as many as eight people have been slaughtered in the Utakura Harbor town.
You know the town let a slum form at the edge of the forest?
Here's the thing, Father Lew says... he could take another window in the rectory on the second floor.
The Karstadt basement level is devoted entirely to games and the top floor has a restaurant with a relaxed atmosphere and an arena for sports ranging from skating to basketball, also providing a spectacular view over the roofs of Hamburg.
We could use another window on the second floor of the rectory.
Give it an hour so he'll take the call. I wish we really had a second floor so I could jump off it.
Have cugh*** the units on the upper floor with a fine-toothed comb.
This is the second floor, and this is the general's study.
The projectile that hit the psychic's chair... and the bullet in the corpse... are of the same caliber and have the same rifling marks.
I say, no, because the bear trap was launched from a makeshift projectile hidden inside a tree, and it was also lined with barbed wire, which is why Wheeling P.D. has invited us in.
Eyewitnesses at the scene are reporting that they saw a missile hitting the stadium, echoing events at St. Edward's Hospital earlier today.
So whatever verbal projectile you launch in my direction is reflected off of me, returns on its original trajectory and adheres to you.
A fiberglass tube, 45 inches long which fires a single projectile designed to penetrate armor three-quarters of an inch thick.
I think I can work some magic on your missile.
One projectile can penetrate the shields of any heavily- armored vessel.
We managed to get Margot At-Harazi to believe that the President was on the field when the missile struck.
You've been there every single time I've had a gun or a missile or even a woman pointed in my direction-- I'm not gonna leave.
NORAD confirmed, projectile came from beyond our atmosphere, inbound at 30,000 knots.
Or about the millions of other Nigerians who start businesses and sometimes fail, but continue to nurse ambition?
'Well, have you settled the business or not?
I hear his business is on the verge of ruin.
Large companies moved away from it because they thought the science was so difficult and vaccines were seen as poor business.
He had thought that nothing at all remained from his father's business, at least he had never told him anything different, and Gregor had never asked him about it anyway.
He will take over the business when his father retires.
She said, "Oh Gayle, this is actually my third business.
So they inwardly resolved that so long as they remained in the business, their piracies should not again be sullied with the crime of stealing.
Mr. Morita started a business by using borrowed money as capital.
By mortgaging the house and my business, I can pay it right off.
I mean, why would you try to refrigerate a whole store?
The true gifts of Christmas are love and peace. You cannot buy them in a store.
I think the Barricini family should open a store there and sell chocolate.
Put what you get at the store to my account.
There were fewer meals with home-cooked breads, desserts and soups, because all of them could be bought at any store.
Just as she was about to leave the store, she saw a beautiful dress in the window.
I still have to get to the store, and I can't carry a lot of things."
Everything at that store is 10 percent off the regular price.
We're opening a store and a bank, aren't we, John?
48 % of dual users surveyed in Germany for a competitor of P & G said that they would still buy their preferred brand of towel if it increased in price by 10%, even if other brands were still available in the store,
A wonderful guy named Timothy Prestero, who has a company called ... an organization called Design That Matters.
My heart really warmed to the worthy lady as I heard her talk; and I drew my chair a little nearer to her, and expressed my sincere wish that she might find my company as agreeable as she anticipated.
All the doctors say that I shouldn't drink coffee, but, despite that, I do have a bit now and then when I'm in good company.
It's a very, very simple example, an easily stated question in probability, which every -- you're in good company -- everybody gets wrong.
She had formerly, during the wearisome time of his widowhood, kept him company many an evening.
I don't like your face and I can't bear your company any longer.
Then she came up and said, "They ask me why I teach and I reply, 'Where could I find such splendid company?' There sits a statesman, strong, unbiased, wise; another Daniel Webster, silver-tongued.
Madame Bovary senior, the evening before, passing along the passage, had surprised her in company of a man—a man with a brown collar, about forty years old, who, at the sound of her step, had quickly escaped through the kitchen.
There's something about you I don't like and I can't bear your company any longer.
Not at all, I'd appreciate the company.
And another counselor said to me after the training, "You know, I never knew why I survived the killings in my village, but now I know, because I am part of a nucleus of a new peaceful society in Afghanistan."
Provided with plenty of money and the passport of an old name, I could choose my own society: no circles were closed against me.
It was very far-sighted for that company to change its policy to accommodate the decrease in numbers of children and the aging of society.
Brenda Palms-Farber was hired to help ex-convicts reenter society and keep them from going back into prison.
Another stick of the penknife, when she pretended to pat my head: and that is because I said I did not like the society of children and old women (low be it spoken!).
Today, I'm going to talk about the importance of sport in modern society.
They're the ones who know what society is going to be like in another generation.
"Mr. Rochester has a right to enjoy the society of his guests."
Today I will be speaking about the significance of sports in modern society.
I have heard of the arrogant male in capitalistic society.
And when you think of the fabric of the brain, the structure, how is it built? What is the pattern of the carpet?
So it's very unlikely that you got the same fabric, the same circuitry.
There are thousands of these stories, and many of the women had holes in their bodies -- holes, fistula -- that were the violation of war -- holes in the fabric of their souls.
We can look at the fabric. And we can change neurons.
Now, the circuit, you could also think of as the fabric of the brain.
The blood on the fabric was degraded by the acid, so I could only get a weak STR profile, but it appears to be a match for the victim.
Sensitized paper; paperboard and cloth, unexposed or exposed but not developed
The energy disperses the atoms, Literally tearing the very fabric of reality itself.
Sensitized paper, paperboard and cloth, unexposed or exposed but not developed:
Got some burnt skin and fabric here on the muzzle which makes me think that this was the gun that was pushed up against felix's shirt when he was shot.
Medullary tissue is the calcium build-up, the calcium storage basically, when an animal is pregnant, when a bird is pregnant.
And you think, the more highways there are in a tissue, the more likely it is to get cancer or to get metastases.
Every 30 seconds a patient dies from diseases that could be treated with tissue regeneration or replacement.
And that's great when I can degrade the tissue.
No damaged tissue. No loss of motor skills or mental capacity.
To control and eradicate TSEs, the Commission proposal states that, where a competent authority decides that the possibility of infection with TSE cannot be ruled out, a suspect animal should be killed and its tissue sent to an approved laboratory for analysis.
Despite its appearance, that of a human appendage, it is definitely not living tissue.
"These biodegradable materials absorb wound secretions better than ordinary dressings, and because they come away from the wound as a gel they don't pull off any tissue which is still healing." ontact A. Bradley, European Design Partnership
Just as soon as I replace the tissue the virus destroyed.
However, in a very small percentage of these cases there is spontaneous repair of the damaged tissue.
Sorry, Joey, I used the last bit of frosting on my hair.
By comparing the top and bot tom of the biscuit, it can also tell whether icing or other decoration has been applied properly.
Seven layers of Jimbalian fudge, and the icing is made from pureed I'maki nuts...
Yeah, oh, Raimundo, is the icing rice-milk based?
I don't even want you to make a guy the icing on your cake.
Except it was these gross cookies with green frosting.
-Just put the icing on the cake... -Liz. -Liz.
It just wasn't the goodbye that I had in mind when Murray and I we up slaving over this frosting last night.
Double fudge, too, with extra thick icing for effect.
Look, they forgot the frosting on this one.
And a little bit higher, why they have a glaze on a thing they call a thali.
Oh, and there's this yellοw Chinese glaze that I'm trying to get right.
Tableware sold in the United States which is identical to that sold in the UK has not given rise to complaints from consumers about glaze damage.
— discharge of toxic heavy metals such as lead and cadmium from the surface of decorated pottery, following damage to the glaze,
Well, I guess when people get nostalgic for the good old days, they overlook things like carcinogenic glaze.
The plate which has a gilded, irregularly shaped edge bears on its upper surface a picture of a woman in traditional costume under a glaze.
Just look at the glaze we got going now on that thing.
The smooth edged plate bears a souvenir motif on its upper surface of a map of Denmark, presented in one colour under a glaze.
I've no interest in covering our past in a glaze of nostalgia.
The smooth edged plate bears a souvenir motif on its upper surface of a mermaid under a glaze.
A chain is no stronger than its weakest link.
A chain is only as strong as its weakest link.
A chain is no stronger than its weakest link.
"Although you may be able to see something that eludes me, "the missing link."
For many people with mobility difficulties, journeys can only be undertaken if every link in a chain of accessibility is complete.
A weak link in the chain waiting to be broken.
Liquid - solid separation and drying of mixtures is the weak link in the fine-chem ical, pharmaceutical, foodstuff and ceram ics industries.
She knows the next link in the chain to London.
In other words, telematic is «the missing link» in the electronic data processing between the Member States today.
General Wisten... I've just discovered the missing link.
I joke, but I only half joke, that if you come to one of our hospitals missing a limb, no one will believe you till they get a CAT scan, MRI or orthopedic consult.
"I am very ill, I know," she said ere long. "I was trying to turn myself a few minutes since, and find I cannot move a limb.
Because the first generation is exoskeletal, it's wrapped around the leg, around the affected limb.
"You recognize yourself as a member of the free bourgeoisie?"* added the King of Thunes.
And this is actually real photography, timed photography, showing how that limb regenerates in a period of days.
Sinking below the bird and mast, a drowned corpse glanced through the green water; a fair arm was the only limb clearly visible, whence the bracelet had been washed or torn.
And that scar actually grows out a new limb.
It takes a long time for the muscle to contract, and a very short time for the limb to fly out.
A man's member is sword, that he has to plunge in deep.
Enquire of him. And learn to make a body of a limb.
So it was much safer for me to land at the bottom.
Besides, Charles was not of those who go to the bottom of things; he shrank from the proofs, and his vague jealousy was lost in the immensity of his woe.
Her ring fell into a river and sank to the bottom.
I was in the gulf, and I was swimming around and saw a little octopus on the bottom.
The first sip taken from the cup of science turns you into an atheist, but God is waiting for you at the bottom of the cup.
We find life at the bottom of every long-term, long-distance drilling core into the center of rock that we bring up -- and there's bacteria in the pores of that rock.
Tom tried to walk on water, but he sunk to the bottom.
That money's at the bottom of the river, wrapped around a 12-pound cobblestone.
It seems to me that the British Government wants subsidiarity down from Europe and up from the bottom so that it can make every decision itself.
Now listen here, farmer, I can draw 16 feet of water... and not find bottom, can't I?
It was such a radical change, in fact, that the early Macintosh development team in '82, '83, '84 had to write an entirely new operating system from the ground up.
Well then, on that mercenary ground, will you agree to let me hector a little?"
So I want to see a completely renewed, changed math curriculum built from the ground up, based on computers being there, computers that are now ubiquitous almost.
She's gonna tear it down to the ground, because Ms. Francesca here is so, so hot, she's gonna put blisters on your eyeballs...
I'm rebuilding my exhibition from the ground up.
Mr President the situation on the ground from our point of view is still worrying especially because the political talks seem to have run into an impasse and we are witnessing a spread of violence.
He owned the land, and there was talk of putting a freeway through.
So I warmly urge the Commission to examine this pro posal in depth in order to discover that it really does cover new ground and that some regulations will have to be amended in order to implement it.
I met a band of homeless children who'd come to Jakarta from the countryside, and ended up living in a train station.
Polyandry used to be common among the Sherpas of Nepal, where a band of brothers would often take a wife in common. When she died--of child-bearing or overwork--they would frequently marry her younger sister.
my family, in crossing the Great Plains, was wiped out by a band of wild Indians.
In the debate, it has been said that 20% of farmers would receive 80% of the support, but in fact most farmers come within the 20% band.
He was the first one ever to leave the band.
11 - in pressure. This explains the practical choice made by us of a medium frequency band of up to 500 Hz for the handling processes.
We were just a gentle band of motorcycle enthusiasts until the witch put us under an evil spell and enslaved us with her...
He was inspired to establish the sciencecommunication course at London’s Imperial College after identifying a needfor this ‘small band of enthusiasts’ totrain the ‘leaders of the future’ in thefield.
It is the moment that they became a band of brothers... ... becausewhattheyexperienced... ... theycouldnotrelatetoanybody who wasn't there.
Inheriting a style that owes much to the Beatles, the Manchester-based band Oasis have taken the music scene by storm since the release of their first single Supersonic, in the spring of 1994.
This January, we did the 10th annual No Pants Subway Ride where a diverse group of 3,500 people rode the train in their underwear in New York -- almost every single train line in the city.
SVIYAZHSKY TOOK Levin's arm and led him back to his own group.
The group put up posters to remind people that noise is harmful.
A group of 20 eukaryotic microbiologists published a paper two years ago erecting opisthokonta -- a super-kingdom that joins animalia and fungi together.
They rely on the statute,' some one in another group was saying. 'The wife ought to be registered as belonging to the Nobility.'
A group of foreigners arrived in Edo, in other words Tokyo.
So a group of babies came in and listened to English.
Levin stood with his own group in the Small Hall, which was used as a refreshment and smoking room, listening to what was being said and vainly straining his mental powers to understand it all.
An affine algebraic group over a field k is a representable covariant functor from the category of commutative algebras over k to the category of groups such that the representing algebra is finitely generated.
We must know whether any group of men can endanger the safety of our seas... by preying upon American commerce.
We're not about to run out of people. No other commodity has that.
And it takes a little bit of nerve to dive into those primal, terrifying parts of ourselves and make our own decisions and not make our housing a commodity, but make it something that bubbles up from seminal sources.
Oil, the substance which the ancients considered too flammable to be of any use, becomes the most important commodity on the planet, fueling even more innovation.
That leaves the political perspective, in which skill is seen as a valuable commodity.
And inspiration seems to be a rare commodity these days.
The health of the individual, and the health of the population, is a precious commodity.
Mr. Ellis here doesn't want the police involved because you're husband's a commodity, one he's put a lot of effort into packaging.
Here a Polish leaseholder buys for half its value the splendid estate of a lady who lives in Nice.
The house on her own estate was quite dilapidated, so Levin and his wife persuaded her to spend the summer with them.
He had already been living there a whole month without occupation, when Sergius Ivanich Koznyshev, who had an estate in the Kashin Province and took a great interest in the forthcoming elections, prepared to attend them.
He implored her to save his honour and to sell her estate to pay his debts.
An uncle of Hans invited them to the estate he's manager at; nice, isn't it?
It's not a huge estate but it's big enough.
Several years ago, a number of farm worker's homes belonging to the estate were converted into apartments for holiday makers.
- Used to have an estate at Varykino near Yuryatin.
There will be an induction ceremony over the weekend at the estate.
In 1987 it was finally decided to renovate the estate, and to convert it into a regional centre for information and activities on ecology.
We hope that the Commission will duly interpret Par liament's votes and go into reverse, so as to give fresh life to the farmers and their families, with the prospect of continuity in the farming industry and the maintenance of income in the sector.
The initial report that was submitted to the Committee on Agriculture had the aim of presenting the two as pects of the agricultural policy as symmetrical aspects.
The expectations of farmers and agro-industrialists and eve ryone else involved in agriculture are completely legitimate and we cannot help but agree with them.
Even the most timid attempts at least to mention a system of agriculture consonant with the environment have been rejected by this Parliament.
Then wc should be nipping in the bud a hopeful alternative for agriculture. For that reason I thank my honourable Friend, Mr Herman.
Bill on aids for agriculture (training, organization of fairs, control of certain diseases, animal breeding; start-up aid for producers' organizations in lessfavoured areas, startup aid for associations, aid for research concerning protected cropping).
That is why, moreover, the Committee on Agriculture is strongly recommending, in the certainty that it makes good sense, the removal of the ceiling on own resources.
In view of the restriction placed on public service recruitment, the Irish Department of Agriculture is unable to implement the EEC's subsidy of IRL £ 2.5 million a year for a scheme of free pre-movement testing for TB and brucellosis in cattle.
The second point on which the Committee on Agriculture dwelt particularly concerns penalties on Member State producers should they exceed the maximum guaranteed area laid down in the proposal for the common organization of the market.
I would mention here the improvement of agriculture, promotion of investment, management training and environment.
You are great. This is the correct posture.
He then flew down the slope and glided along the ice without so much as changing the easy position of his arms.
Morality is simply the attitude we adopt toward people we dislike.
Claude assumed the majestic and pontifical attitude of a Samuel.
So it is essential that you take the attitude of looking up yourself the information you feel necessary.
I ended that series with a kind of a mail-in petition that encouraged our National Marine Fishery Service, to force other countries to have a stronger stance with shark management.
She glanced at him and immediately resumed her former posture.
So it is essential that you take the attitude of looking up yourself the information you feel necessary.
If a comrade did such things, his attitude was also questionable. So when did you get clever?
Attainment of the legislative objectives depends to a large extent on the attitude of the administrative authorities whose duty it is to implement the provisions in question and also on the interpretation given by the judge.
I haven't cleared the budget with my parents but tell me how this is for music:
They are juggling the army, the navy and the budget. Also, agriculture and high prices.
This led the Management Board to adjust the 1998 budget at its December meeting to ECU 31.9 million.
My '03 budget calls for more than $48 billion in new defense spending.
In 1998, besides its usual agenda items — such as the annual work programme, the budget and personnel issues — the Management Board adopted a kev document on 'The role and financing of national focal points' (see Chapter 3«.
The average household spends $4,000 a year on lottery tickets.
She made the first overtures of reconciliation by offering to have the little girl, who could help her in the house, to live with her.
Only in every third German household meals are cooked daily yet.
I actually had my daughter -- gave her a tally counter, and I gave her an assignment last summer to go around and count the number of species of technology in our household.
There was with him only his daughter, who helped him to keep house.
In her home, kitchen garbage was fed to the pigs.
And, to be fair, rules are often imposed because previous officials have been lax and they let a child go back to an abusive household.
Then the expenses of the household, now that the servant was mistress, became terrible.
Nowadays almost every home has one or two televisions.
Missy, your job is to keep house, not worry about my disposition.
'Why, what has Cordelia to do with it?' Levin asked timidly, having quite forgotten that the fantasia presented King Lear on the heath.
One was King Lear on the Heath, a fantasia, and the other was a quartet dedicated to the memory of Bach.
It's easy for you to say that, but you didn't see it that Sunday morning, screaming out of the heavens to crash and bury itself in the heath.
But still people danced until dawn, some were inside, others outside and when everybody had left, my father sat with his accordion on the heath and played for the countryside.
On the heather flowers bloom, on the road and everywhere...
On the heather, the fog is drifting, and the full moon comes out, and on you the golden colours are shimmering, early in the morning, in the black moor.
The next morning, the heath was covered with a lush vegetation that should never have grown there.
On the heather, there are fairy tales, marvellous and countless,
I didn't go and I runned on the heath on my own!
Tell them about that thing you saw on the heath.
A pagan came to him and offered to convert to Judaism if the rabbi could recite the whole of Jewish teaching while he stood on one leg.
Her mother was a Christian and her father a pagan, but this wasn't a problem for them at all.
You wear a cross on your arm, but on the inside you always stayed a pagan.
I tell everyone "Margaret's the puritan, I'm the pagan."
If he refuses to listen to the Church, he is a pagan.
You probably understand more about it than anyone who isn't a pagan themselves.
And of course, this is nerd heaven, right?
The torture of expectation, living betwixt heaven and earth, which she endured there in Moscow, Karenin's dilatoriness and indecision, her loneliness – she attributed all to him.
The death of a talented man saddens me, as the world needs them more than heaven does.
And so all of Western Europe started buying printing presses in 1455 -- to print out thousands, and then hundreds of thousands, and then ultimately millions of single, small pieces of paper that got you out of middle hell and into heaven.
Conqueror I might be of the house; but the inmate would escape to heaven before I could call myself possessor of its clay dwelling-place.
He has till now been the apple of your eye; but if thine eye offend you, says Scripture, pluck it out. It is better to enter heaven with one eye than hell with two!
And if you have lived an extraordinary life, you will be welcomed to Elysium, or what the French call "Champs-Élysées" -- -- the heaven of the heroes.
It is easier for heaven and earth to disappear than for the least stroke of a pen to drop out of the Law.
It was with shock and deep sadness that we heard of his lonely farewell between heaven and earth above the roofs of his beloved Florence.
I'm not kidding you. The message said, "Was walking along the street" and "sky was blue" and "emergency"!
April advanced to May: a bright serene May it was; days of blue sky, placid sunshine, and soft western or southern gales filled up its duration.
There are so many stars in the sky, I can't count them all.
At this passionate declaration, the gypsy raised to the dirty ceiling which served for the skies a glance full of angelic happiness.
The sea is to fish what the sky is to birds.
You can work it out on a piece of paper in a laboratory, get a telescope, swing it to the sky, and you find that there are no dead stars bigger than 1.4 times the mass of the Sun.
"I like this day; I like that sky of steel; I like the sternness and stillness of the world under this frost.
The sky grew darker and darker, and the wind blew harder and harder.
According to the beliefs of other ancient civilizations, the sky was vaulted and the earth shaped into terraces.
Since the crosspolar signal is generated from the copolar signal, even under clear sky conditions, the two signals are coherent.
And the second night, he would take the same cap and give it another fold.
'D'you know, you will bring trouble on yourself,' said Oblonsky, having found his cap and getting up.
And the third night, he would give it two more folds -- and this is a very, very famous cap.
And the captain would wear a cap everyday and join in the regalia.
Congratulations, Mr. Mayor, every paper in town is touting the success of the gun buyback program, but the real feather in your cap comes from the Ledger.
The species is sometimes unrecognisable,with sandstorms rendering its cap shredded andoften brown. This species is an indicator of eutrophication and nitrogen enrichment in sand dunes,caused by deposits transported from the sea andalgae.
And later, a heart's ease for a New Year's present, and some sarcenet, which I had made into a quilted cap.
I'm looking forward to seeing you in your cap and gown.
- A very ribbon in the cap of youth yet needful too. For youth no less becomes the light and careless livery that it wears than settled age his sables and his weeds, importing health and graveness.
You would train me up, like one of your boys - have me touch my cap when you come down in the morning and say "How do you, sir?"
I worried that [if] I took my hat off I wouldn't be here anymore.
He had drawn his hat over his eyes, and, with his hands behind his back, smiling and whistling, he looked straight at her in an unbearable manner.
She lost her hat, but soon found it.
And as soon as I said that, I discovered that the word "hat" was hidden in the word "whatever," and that led me to the inevitable conclusion.
And when you talk to me, take off your hat.
Now astrology -- we remove the banal idea that your life could be predicted; that you'll, perhaps today, meet a lucky man who's wearing a hat.
This living tripod saluted him as he passed, but stopping his hat on a level with Gringoire's chin, like a shaving dish, while he shouted in the latter's ears: Give me the means to buy a bit of bread, sir.
You should greet your betters by tipping your hat.
Your Honor, would the defendant please remove her hat.
While we agree with the principle of concentration of objectives out of concern for greater efficiency, we are, on the other hand, very worried by this new formula objective 2 project the Commission has pulled out of its hat.
So, thank you. Another person, another card.
'Then I will trouble you to give him my card,' said Karenin with dignity, seeing the impossibility of preserving his incognito.
Now, I put this card into the hat. See?
But then in the end, what I decided was every time you finish writing the word, I would stop and I would give the card to somebody on the side of the road.
The assistant took the card and, though he evidently did not approve of what he read on it, went out of the room.
And he said, "No, no, no, Daddy -- this is a card for being the best story reader in the world."
Which card shall I use? Queen or five?
I was supposed to come in tonight for an audition Mr. Milton gave me a card but I can´t possibly get away
The smart card is basically electronics and therefore it generates its data electronically and is susceptible to high levels of electromagnetic radiation.
If you happen to lose the card, don't worry. I have plenty more.
Here's a map a lawyer made. He put on it the water plant, and which houses are there, which houses have been connected to the water.
Now the master, mellow almost to the verge of geniality, put his chair aside, turned his back to the audience, and began to draw a map of America on the blackboard, to exercise the geography class upon.
Show me where Puerto Rico is on the map.
I'm not going to dive into them either, but photosynths are integrated into the map.
If he had carried the map with him, he wouldn't have got lost.
You know, I looked at the map; I picked out 17 sites; I figured, no problem.
Tom always gets lost if he doesn't carry a map.
Show me on the map just exactly where you found Lodge.
In this new proposal, the Commission suggests also including the Objective 2 map in state aid maps under Article 92(3) (c).
Nobody, not Ray Covin, the Sheriff, Bill Bates... nobody had ever mentioned the weird map cut in the rocks... or this peak that had been pointed out by the stick in the hole.
I had difficulty getting a ticket for the concert.
Tom asked Mary's father to buy him a ticket.
You have only to push the button to get a ticket.
Shall I get you a ticket for the concert?
I wish I had bought a ticket for the concert.
Tom thought it would be difficult for Mary to get a ticket to that concert.
I'll give you plenty of money so you can get her a ticket back to Tulsa.
— in principle, the buyer of the ticket is also the end user,
I bought you a ticket for the show. 26 bucks.
— each ticket should be accompanied by a notice in which the organisers at any rate indicate that:
And they also promise that they're going to transcribe only the gist of your messages.
"You've got it, in essence," said the painter quickly.
But my métier is to bear witness and that is the crux, the heart of the matter, for us reporters who do this.
"And I will give the missionary my energies--it is all he wants--but not myself: that would be only adding the husk and shell to the kernel.
And the outsider can never really reach the core.
In that short time the centre of the cloud had already so moved over the sun that it was as dark as during an eclipse.
Around the core is water, which is used as a coolant.
Ortoli and useful attempt to touch upon the heart of the matter even though it is too soon at this stage to foresee how the negotiations will end.
Planet is listed as Class-M, core molten, mantle and crust entirely crystalline.
I think this is the heart of the matter: a number of unnecessary administrative regulations continue to exist because Europe has not made enough fundamental progress.
Now that led to an understanding of atomic structure because the way that's explained is atoms are a single nucleus with electrons going around them.
And the familiar illustration is the nucleus of an atom is a fly in the middle of a sports stadium and the next atom is in the next sports stadium.
And we call them that because their nucleus, or their center, are very active.
The most stable nucleus is iron, right in the middle of the periodic table.
For example, why is it that the mitochondria in every cell has its own DNA, totally separate from the DNA in the nucleus?
I believe that any extremes of faith and illusion are equally unjustified and unimportant. and that in the depths of everybody, in the nucleus, there is goodness. Everything is truth.
The transfer completed, the egg cell will then ideally accept the donor nucleus as its own.
It will be a forerunner of the future European telecommunications network and at the same time its nucleus.
But... the distance between the nucleus and these electrons is more than a thousand times greater than their dimension.
"For census purposes, the family should be defined in the narrow sense of a family nucleus, that is, the persons within a private or institutional household who are related as husband and wife or as parent and nevermarried child by blood or adoption.
Chaz Ebert: It was Chaz who stood by my side through three attempts to reconstruct my jaw and restore my ability to speak.
It's a struggle!' he said frowning, and closed his powerful jaw.
This is a viperfish, and it's got a lure on the end of a long fishing rod that it arches in front of the toothy jaw that gives the viperfish its name.
And I whispered the good news through my broken jaw, which was wired shut, to my night nurse.
This is an image of Ann who's had her right jaw removed and the base of her skull removed.
The doctors took a fibula bone from my leg and some tissue from my shoulder to fashion into a new jaw.
Because I had lost my jaw, I could no longer form a seal, and therefore my tongue and all of my other vocal equipment was rendered powerless.
And I remember the horror of seeing this little female devil with this huge ulcerating, foul-smelling tumor inside her mouth that had actually cracked off her entire lower jaw.
Francine's jaw is way out to here, and there was no one else available.
We have to use an Xray machine to look inside your jaw."
You may have many different types of trees, but every pine tree is different. And in the brain it's the same.
In our Mediterranean forest, there are lots of trees: oak, pine, willow, ash, elm, etc..
It's the same in the forest. Every pine tree is different.
They cut down huge pine trees for a handful of tinder wood.
Dad, I'm in a white van, no windows, I can smell pine...
Besides, the frame support is in pine, and Italian painters used poplar back then.
A pure pine coffin with hand carvings. The inner lining is made of rayon as well as the decor.
Pretty soon he'll take up as much room as a yellow pine.
Nettles mostly, some ground-up whitebark pine And a bunch of other stuff.
Plus, for some reason, you smell like pine.
And the first mate takes a rope and ties Odysseus to the mast in a nice knot.
So we had to chase this in the submersible for quite sometime, because the top speed of this fish is one knot, which was the top speed of the submersible.
Down at the very base of it, there's fiber optics that work better than ours, actually, to move light, but you can tie them in a knot; they're incredibly flexible.
And when a number of filaments come together in a knot, that makes a supercluster of galaxies.
Have all ships return to Pearl at 20 knots, except the Cassiday.
In good quality carpets the fringe is sometimes divided into several groups which are knotted by pushing back the knots as close as possible to the woven part in order to prevent the weft threads from sliding out of the fringe.
The car, doing a steady 28 knots, drove toward Joinville.
Its 14 000 kW engines - equivalent to a supertanker with four times its tonnage - drive two propellers which allow the vessel to cut through ice 1.5 metres thick at a speed of five knots an hour.
You make sure those knots are tight and we'll get rolling.
Let us consider ways of mobilizing public opinion in order to exert pressure on the Member States to cut through these political knots once and for all.
In this diagram, every node is a neuron, and every line is a connection.
Over the last five weeks, one node at a time, so it was never off-line.
The output of the FIRES-T3 analysis provides a listing of the calculated temperature at each node, the average temperature of each element in the mesh, and a summary of the test conditions at that point in the analysis.
Supraclavicular node, non-tender, adherent to the surrounding tissues.
Setting-up of constitutive equations for nodes from constitutive equations for material in case of quasi-continuous node (reinforced concrete for example) by using finite element analysis or other relevant methods (meso-mechanics for example).
Can you access Seven's chronometric node and pinpoint the exact moment her cybernetic implants disengaged from her organic systems?
Each node switches information from an incoming circuit to an outgoing circuit.
She can't biopsy that node without a surgical team and an o.
Well, wherever it came from, it doesn't want us messing with this node.
Gradual progression from userstatus to a node with a highcapacity server has led us to implement various means of data dissemination through the net.
What we wanted to do was we wanted to find a way to harness this waste resource and turn it into a fuel that would be something that people could easily cook with, something like charcoal.
Upon the furnace were accumulated in disorder, all sorts of vases, earthenware bottles, glass retorts, and mattresses of charcoal.
And he's looked at the problem of the health impacts of burning wood versus charcoal.
Fumes from indoor cooking fires kill more than 2 million children a year in the developing world. MIT engineer Amy Smith details an exciting but simple solution: a tool for turning farm waste into clean-burning charcoal.
So what is this? This is corncobs turned into charcoal.
Most of the characteristic char-grilled taste doesn't come from the wood or the charcoal.
In addition, the revenue generated from that charcoal is 260 million dollars.
That was something way beyond a few pieces of charcoal.
- I said... before Michael gets one piece of this sweet ass... he has to turn you into a piece of charcoal.
The ideal raw material for this process is undoubtedly wood charcoal, but this product is becoming more and more rare and costly.
And of course, coalmines are very dangerous places because in some of these coalmines, you get gas. When that gas blows up, people die. So you're producing a biogas out of coal in some mines, but not in others.
Tongs, pincers, large ploughshares, filled the interior of the furnace, and glowed in a confused heap on the coals.
Now, two dozen men can tear down a mountain in several months, and only for about a few years' worth of coal.
The vessel was loaded with coal, lumber, and so on.
And they built beautiful cities all powered on that coal.
China is the largest producer and consumer of coal in the world.
You've been buying coal, paying freight and coking at your plant.
You are wrong. I deal only in coal.
T2345 chemical process atmospheric pollution TOI68 coal, fight against pollution, mining extraction, transport of dangerous goods T1438 metrology, research and development, research programme
Any one of those pelts would've not only cleared you with the company... but given you a bundle of money to raise hell with!
Of course the common agricultural policy costs a lot of money but it is fully justified if we wish to pursue an independent policy.
Pay a visit to Kay and get that money, she is hiding.
Most guarantees are for aid to countries outside the Community, and small pockets of money are too numerous and specific to be described adequately in this section.
I recommend the same to you, brothers, while you got the cash.
Parliament did not enter the necessary appropriations in the budget: how can we expect to change the Council's position when there is no money in the budget? The Commission cannot fight the battle on its own.
Go and have fun, you who have money!
Nassauer really need to consider where this money is going to come from in the future.
If somebody is not paying, you arrest him and get your money with the bail.
They took it from me! Hell, then at least I had some money.
Instead, we studied a little, tiny, round worm called C. elegans, which is just about the size of a comma in a sentence.
Tom is sad, as in German sentences he is often separated from Mary by a comma.
You can't replace the comma with a period in this sentence.
The word that Mary had, just before the comma, to enrage Tom, was the word "erased".
Tom is sad because he is often separated from Mary in German sentences by a comma.
For an English speaker every comma is to be avoided.
Here you may enter several user identifications separated by a comma or a semicolon:
If the 70 amendments are to take out a full stop, or to remove a comma, or to change a word, or to do something like that, then they have nothing to do with Rule 12, and nothing to do with the agenda.
They can take a tiny word or the smallest comma and turn everything around to their advantage.
The regulation on the common organization of the market in bananas has therefore been definitively adopted, and no one can touch a single comma of its text.
We must remember, and we can see that in any book of my son of 10 years old, that life appears four billion years ago, around -- four billion point two?
Fifty point zero, zero, zero, zero, zero, zero?
I ain't finished, you don't know what I is going to say 998999999999 point 8899889999999999999
Oh, that's a lot of people, isn't it? With the point four.
That in English 34 point 6 million billion dollars.
What force is driving all galaxies to rush away from every other at an ever-quickening speed?
'That is it. You have taken other people's idea, dropped all that gave it force, and wish to make one believe that it is something new,' said Nicholas, angrily jerking his neck.
As long as you have someone you love from the heart, you have a motivating force and you can face the entire world.
He said, if I want to describe one more force, maybe I need one more dimension.
"Will you deny," said Coictier, "the sympathetic force of the collar bone, and the cabalistics which are derived from it?"
I tried to open the door with all my force.
So my idea was that, instead of sitting down and reaching for a lot of controls, that you would sit on the chair, and it would automatically balance your weight against the force required to recline.
That force finds its own form of activity in accord with its degree of development.
What happens when an unstoppable force hits an unmovable object?
My God, give me the force to confront my own lies ?
And linked to this crowd mania were examples all around the world -- from the election of a president to the infamous Wikipedia, and everything in between -- on what the power of numbers could achieve.
The unfortunate girl felt herself so utterly abandoned by God and men, that her head fell upon her breast like an inert thing which has no power in itself.
With the power of imagination, we can even travel through space.
And when making connections is of the essence, the power of technology emerges with special intensity.
And there is nothing wastes so rapidly as liberality, for even whilst you exercise it you lose the power to do so, and so become either poor or despised, or else, in avoiding poverty, rapacious and hated.
Right is with the strongest—the limits of our power constitute our laws.
And yet that energy and power of architecture has driven an entire social and political space that these buildings occupy.
Some supernatural power attracted Kitty's eyes to Anna's face.
For the thief, the ring has lost its magic power.
The Supreme Soviet, which purports to be the representative of the Russian people, should show for once whether or not it has the power to achieve something in this area.
Blood comes gushing from your gashes. With your fading strength, you call 9-1-1 and you pray for a trained MD. But you get me.
I hope your energies will then once more trouble you with their strength."
I don't have the strength to keep trying.
I now know that my real strength never came from my body, and although my physical capabilities have changed dramatically, who I am is unchanged.
"It is not its cure. Reformation may be its cure; and I could reform--I have strength yet for that--if--but where is the use of thinking of it, hampered, burdened, cursed as I am?
Nothing gives an artist as much strength as the knowledge that there is at least one person who views his creation with great love.
Women have manifested for thousands of years the strength arising from compassion in an unfiltered, unmediated way in perceiving suffering as it is.
There is a thought that for strength should avail me, Though both of shelter and kindred despoiled; Heaven is a home, and a rest will not fail me; God is a friend to the poor orphan child."
Nothing gives an artist as much strength as the knowledge that there is at least one person who loves deeply what he has created.
What that child got to stand, the good Lord give her strength to stand.
And the answer, to me, is obvious; we're treating cancer too late in the game, when it's already established and, oftentimes, it's already spread or metastasized.
We call this antiangiogenic therapy, and it's completely different from chemotherapy because it selectively aims at the blood vessels that are feeding the cancers.
Scientists haven't found a cure for cancer yet.
This could help healthy people as well as people who've already beaten cancer once or twice and want to find a way to keep it from coming back.
try to another, even from one hospital to another, and so it is urgently necessary that the programme pro posed should cover meetings — meetings that can be extremely useful — among the various specialists and professors concerned with the treatment of cancer.
Smoking cannabis frequently over a long period is likely to lead to diseases similar to those linked to tobacco such as bronchitis and cancer.
For yourself, sir, shall grow old, as I am, if, like a crab, you could go backward.
Hey, Granddad, can we cook this crab? Or will it be unfair on the beach?
And we mortals have heard of the tale of the crab who became a legend!
Well, Schultze, if I could get this last crab out, we'd be OK.
9-to-2 on Zoidberg, the crab with the jab!
You know, I just don't think he is your normal crab.
You draw this in real slow and I think there's a crab on here, okay?
The girl waits on the pretty side, and the crab explores the ugly, rocky, horrible side.
For you yourself shall be old as I am, if, like a crab, you could go backward. My lord!
For you yourself, sir, shall grow old as I am if, like a crab, you could go backward.
And the reason it connects us with consciousness today is that all of us still today, the very first shape we draw as a child is a circle.
These ladies belonged to a circle which, though higher, was entirely hostile to the set Anna frequented.
It's hard to draw a circle without a compass.
And I'm treating you, my inner circle, like you're the enemy.
But a considerable crowd formed a circle around it.
She drew a circle on a piece of paper with a pencil.
So you will have a yellow circle, and we will do an after-image experiment.
The trial's been artificially constrained inside a tiny circle, and it has to be continuously spun round within it.
A line drawn through the points of occurrence... makes almost a complete circle around the Pole.
The second circle is that of the mutual recognition of companies, which the Court of Justice recognises as a principle of mutual trust between all the Member States and which constitutes a highly specific and significant application of the system of private international law within the Community.
But if only Sviyazhsky's district does not invite him, Snetkov will stand.
To give medical help over the whole three thousand square miles of our district, with our deep snow, impassable when it begins melting, our snowdrifts, and the pressure of work at harvest time, is impossible.
district of Simmern, residing in Schabbach with his wife, Henriette Simon, née Niem, 19 years old, to emigrate to Brazil.
At the end of September an extremely violent hurricane hit the Azores, causing particular damage to fishing ports, especially So Mateus in the district of Angra.
Since spring 2005 Jugendpakt eV (Youth Pact), the registered association, has oered the‘Voluntary work for quali-cation’ project to young people from the district of Kitzingen.
1 The provinces concerned are Sassari and Florence (only the Prato district), together with Trento and Bolzano which already have this possibility, and the regions of Friuli Venezia
Tide: Aid for a project concerning an artificial insemination centre for cattle in the district of BitburgPrüm
The major contribution made by the foreign population, whose birth rates are generally higher, has not prevented a fall in the rate in the Liège district.
On the other hand, the urban district of Kassel had an unemployment rate of almost 10%.
On 1 January 1999, two other levels of selfgovernment were introduced: the district (powiat) and the region (województwo).
OK, a suit. I had clubs before, spades.
With one play, two contras, three schneiders, four times clubs. That makes 48, or 12 pfennigs.
I was dealing to him. I turned up a seven of clubs.
He dealt Edwardes the seven of clubs, and Edwardes said,
And the final card is the 9 of clubs.
You can't have an ace of clubs. I have one.
In truth, there was only one Christian, and he died on the cross.
Human rights is also important, but it just gets one cross.
The great silver cross shone from the depths of the gloom, powdered with some sparkling points, like the milky way of that sepulchral night.
It is a cross with him, he always comes too early.
"Bah!" retorted the archer, "only yesterday they still formed a fine black cross, which inspired devotion."
We can't get losted, Jeb, not as long as we can keep sight of that cross.
They could have made this cross a bit lighter.
This is the largest cat in the world -- the lion-tiger hybrid.
Kittens. What you got here is a cross between a dog-- l just want kittens.
3· the beeffalo (a cross between a bison and a domestic beef animal).
Since the zebra is such a beautiful animal, you'd have thought, perhaps, that man would have invented a fanciful hybrid. Wouldn't you?
As regards mature cattle, it is planned to limit the scope to beef breeds and the first animals cross bred with dairy breeds.
‘… a cow belonging to a meat breed or born of a cross with a meat breed, and belonging to a herd intended for rearing calves for meat production’.
You created me as the shrewish Jewish hybrid... who goes off with another patient... an orthodox divorcee from Tel Aviv.
3. the beeffalo (a cross between a bison and a domestic beef animal).
That must be a cross between a mole and a rabbit.
Under the first, the cow must be a ‘meat’ cow, determined by its belonging to a meat breed or its origin deriving from a cross with that breed.
That intersection I looked at had about 3,000 cars per day in each direction, and so that's two ounces of gas to accelerate out of.
At the crossing of Gazetny Street, where there is always a crowd of carriages and izvoshchiks, he suddenly heard some one calling out his name in such a loud and cheerful voice that he could not help looking round.
My rusty Ford broke down, obstructing the intersection.
I'm an artist, so I'd like to offer a modest proposal at the intersection of art, science and culture.
Drive to the next intersection and make a left turn.
And we are at a crossroads right now in this great effort over the last 20 years.
Go straight up the street for about 100 meters, and you will get to the junction of three roads.
Now, if you're no longer a traffic cop -- the problem with being a traffic cop is there can only be so many traffic cops in any one intersection, or the cars get confused. Right?
Nevertheless as much as possible the effect and prominence of the crossing has been minimised to make the breakdown of the chapter as close as possible to the SEO basis.
But I realized I'd hit a dangerous crossroads, deliberately chose another way, and got myself this job.
And what will we use for a day nursery, should the need arise?
CHILDCAHB: The European Parliament's administration has decided to open a daycare centre for the MEPs' children. The first centre was opened in Brussels; Strasbourg will quickly follow suit.
I picked up the baby and the twins from the daycare.
In France, each day nursery must draw up a development plan or specific service plan which outlines the role of families and how they participate.
Every time I pick up Ginny from nursery school, she changes.
The first workplace nursery for workers in the private sector is being opened in Autumn 1990 by a bank.
Local authorities seeking to cut their costs have threatened nurseries and services for sick children with closure and, in some cases, nurseries have closed (including a nursery providing 24 hour care in Liege).
Voyager isn't exactly anyone's idea of a nursery, and the Delta Quadrant isn't much of a playground.
I had to drop the baby off at daycare, then hit every red light on the way here, but guess I shouldn't have worried.
"And she brought forth their firstborn son... "and she wrapped him in swaddling clothes... "and laid him in a manger...
For Christmas he would give us little wax statues, crosses woven in straw, models of the child in the manger.
If he lands there, he's gonna land right on the manger.
We had a tree, we had a manger we had an inflatable Santa Claus with plastic reindeer on the front lawn.
All I'm missing is a real baby for the manger.
"And she brought forth her firstborn son... "wrapped him in swaddling clothes... "and laid him in a manger...
The Lord Jesus was laid in a manger to bring salvation to the souls of those with no place of their own.
"Than flowers in the manger. Better to have freedom..."
Away in the manger, no crib for my bed That's where cute little ol' me laid down my sweet head
She's a single mother, goes to Emerson. Evidently she suffered some form of post-partum when she put him in the manger.
Young Shcherbatsky told the old Maid of Honour Nikolayeva that he intended to put the crown on Kitty's chignon, to make her happy.
This book is about a king who loses his crown.
A cigar is such a... not exactly a pleasure, but the crown and sign of pleasure.
"He who manages to reestablish my crown receives a reward" said the king. "He receives my daughter, the princess, as his wife."
It's Kraft's peculiar way of rewarding loyalty to the crown.
duty is holier than love it's a matter of the crown it's not about your heart
This divergence was caused by the appreciation of sterling and the Danish crown.
You must, madonna, if you want to keep the crown.
I write letters for the Scottish crown but I only see the queen's eyes
— the currency of Sweden has never participated in the ERM; in the two years under review, the Swedish crown (SEK) fluctuated against the ERM currencies reflecting among others the absence of an exchange rate target,
Despite this, the krona has appreciated markedly in value this year.
The Swedish krona has also been on a upward trend, which continued in March.
Exchange rates, the ECU and EMU the Swedish krona), have had to stay within fluctuation bands of 15% above or below their bilateral central rates (table 1.7.2.1. shows the central and notional exchange rates of the ECU).
However, the Italian lira appreciated, falling below 1,060 for the first time since a year earlier, while the Swedish krona rose to 4.59 by end month.
There was no personage, however unexpected, no sudden change, no theatrical effect, which was not obliged to mount that ladder. Innocent and venerable infancy of art and contrivances!
Whether or not it's art is anyone's guess.
And basically to ask the questions: What if art was aware that we were looking at it?
It no longer expresses anything, not even the memory of the art of another time.
But that feeling of puzzlement is structural to contemporary art.
'Tis thus that the marvellous art of the Middle Ages has been treated in nearly every country, especially in France.
They say that the difference between art and pornography is all about the lighting.
In that single instant, you approached the epitome of your art.
Contrary to what the covers of social or artistic magazines may suggest, the result of this situation is that only 20% of artists have a reasonable income, with a mere 4 or 5% qualifying as the genuine success stories on which society feeds so hungrily.
"Teach me the beautiful art of making thunder with this water!"
His skill for my right arm, his knowledge for my ignorance... his silence for my safety.
The skill of any good investor lies in an ability to assess the level of risk involved and to balance that with the prospect of making a profit.
In this game, the skill one must have above all else is patience.
(a) a florist might be willing to introduce a mentally disabled person to floral skills in his orher workshop or shop?
To focus your whole mind on a single task is a skill few ever achieve.
Because of its hermitic lifestyle, spotting this beetle is something of an acquired skill - indeed sometimes it is easier to locate it through its strong aromatic leathery smell (hence its Latin name) than through direct sightings.
I'll take you on for your grief... not for your skills.
In short, VET systems need a radical rethink in order to open up routes for women, and older women in particular, to fill skill shortages in NITs.
Ah, Juliet, if the measure of thy joy be heaped like mine, that thy skill be more to blazon it, then sweeten with thy breath this neighbour air.
Four SMEs which manufacture orthopaedic shoes and a hightechnology company decided to join forces to give a technological boost to this painstaking skill in a completely new approach.
A guy in England called Heston Blumenthal, he's developed his avant-garde cuisine.
Nothing in Chinese cuisine has impressed me like Pu-Erh tea.
And it's the nationalism of an idea that essentially says you can endure differences of caste, creed, color, culture, cuisine, custom and costume, consonant, for that matter, and still rally around a consensus.
This cuisine is seasoned to evoke the esprit of Paris.
The same is true, of course -- we don't have time for too many more examples -- but it's true of our music, of our dance, of our art, yoga, ayurveda, even Indian cuisine.
A four-year-old American tourist was disappointed to realize that, in fact, the Sichuan province is not entirely made of spicy beef, in spite of its famously piquant cuisine.
Reporter Jennifer 8. Lee talks about her hunt for the origins of familiar Chinese-American dishes -- exploring the hidden spots where these two cultures have combined to form a new cuisine.
They ate puzzi before we gave them our cuisine.
While I have great respect for our president, Egon Klepsch, I have the impression that he too is one of those chefs whose environmental cuisine is not very appetizing.
He switched to international cuisine a couple of years ago... and dropped the pancakes.
She would thus descend to the kitchen once a day, eat her dinner, smoke a moderate pipe on the hearth, and go back, carrying her pot of porter with her, for her private solace, in her own gloomy, upper haunt.
My wife prepares very good meals in this kitchen.
We have helped them set up the kitchen and now they are supplying food to all our children.
When we got back from church, I went into the kitchen of the manor-house, where Mary was cooking the dinner and John cleaning the knives, and I said--
There are three bedrooms, a kitchen, a dining room, a living room, and a bathroom.
So this is similar to what happens when you take pure sugar crystals in your kitchen, you put them in a pan, and you apply energy.
A strange place was this humble kitchen for such occupants! Who were they?
He got up to see if he had turned off the light in the kitchen.
The house began to pitch The kitchen took a slitch
It may happen, of course, that some private firm does not work so well and there are suddenly cockroaches in the kitchen.
What if a cylinder cracks, a valve stuck, a bearing burned out?
The sensitivity of the technique is indicated by figure 2 «hich compares the Kurtosis value «ith rms acceleration value during a bearing test.
Thailand anti-dumping duty, bearing, Community import, competition law cassava, China, import levy, vegetable tungsten anti-dumping duty, China, Community import, competition law anti-dumping duty, Community import, Japan, tube
Transmission shafts with universal joints linking selfpropelled machinery (or tractor) to the first fixed bearing of recipient machinery must be guarded on the selfpropelled machinery side and the recipient machinery side over the whole length of the shaft and associated universal joints.
For a normal distribution derived from the instantaneous amplitudes of acceleration measured on a bearing in good condition the Kurtosis value is 3 from «hich an increase indicates damage.
The advantage of this measuring system, which operates only with a rotating bearing is, inter alia, its independence of zero setting.
Very little «ork has been done on the detection of deterioration in plain bearings and so it is suggested that several different parameters of the bearing are monitored.
The amplitude of the oscillation corres= ponds with the force exerted on the bearing.
Figure 6 shows a sketch of a vibration signal generated by a damaged bearing and the envelope drawn around the signal.
I'll look in the storeroom, I ain't unpacked everything yet.
In order to fulfil these orders the company used State machines, warehouses, rationed spare parts and labour. See Andrzej Maîachowski, 'Akcjonariat pracowniczy — alternatywa dia tzw. spoîek nomenklaturowych', Katolik, 10.9.1989.
Tell the warehouse... not to issue any goods to Frumkin, he owes us too much.
As regards the ban on the delivery of such products at night, the Court found that, since it applied only to deliveries to retail outlets and individual consumers, it did not affect transport and deliveries to warehouses or intermediaries.
The French Government confirmed that any supplieror importer will henceforth have the option of bearing the transport costs from thefactory, border or warehouse to the tobacco retail outlet itself or charging theretailer for them.
My men would like to pipe that mineral spring water into the storeroom and convert it to a bath house and steam room, if we can use it occasionally.
However, some flows could be identified: US exports of tobacco to Belgium and Canadian exports of aluminium, wood pulp, and nickel to warehouses both in Belgium and the Netherlands, where these were identified as having final destinations other than a EU Member State.
•Restructuring of logistics systems: concentrating production; inventory centralisation sources to customers
But, since he has these unfair suspicions, I suggested you would be glad to serve as a hostage at the depot.
The intervention price and since the mid-1980s the buying-in price (94% of the intervention price) represent the wholesale stage for goods delivered to the warehouse, before unloading.
All the different ways of getting hot and tired were gone through with, and by-and-by the rovers straggled back to camp fortified with responsible appetites, and then the destruction of the good things began.
Until the morning, the camp of the enemy army was surrounded.
And then one night, Priam, king of Troy, an old man, comes into the Greek camp incognito, makes his way to Achilles' tent to ask for the body of his son.
They did not attack towns at night, nor did the garrisons of the towns attack encampments at night; they did not surround the camp either with stockade or ditch, nor did they campaign in the winter.
Our camp is about 5 miles downstream from here.
He'd already smuggled vitamin C into the camp, and now he managed to get hold of supplies of marmite on the black market.
Everything in camp was drenched, the campfire as well; for they were but heedless lads, like their generation, and had made no provision against rain.
You went back to the camp leaving me alone in the primeval forest.
Moreover, it frees the state from having to negotiate a compromise between different proposals from the same camp or even to decide in favour of one side, both of which may be politically risky.
They've jumped camp, Zeke, and I'm off on their trail.
I'll make the travel arrangements, but this is not going to be a ride in the country.
I've seen some pretty country, that's for certain.
As far as the health sector is concerned, prudence will always be required, since comparisons are difficult, the behaviour of the sick and doctors varies according to country, age-group, occupational category, etc.
These pictures match the country, don't you think, Sande?
And, you know, you have some very pretty country here in Twin Peaks.
Pay was great, but I couldn't stand that open country.
There is, both in Luxembourg City and the country as a whole, a wide range of hotels and pensions catering for every pocket and taste.
You will enjoy the air and be better able to see the country.
This now raises a number of problems, such as whether each individual country must apply exactly the same measures.
The mountains, the forests, the harsh country were as unchanging to them as the stars and just as unyielding.
But the point is, if the feature you're observing can and does take on a wide variety of different values across the wider landscape of reality, then thinking one explanation for a particular value is simply misguided.
It was a landscape in water colours, of which I had made a present to the superintendent, in acknowledgment of her obliging mediation with the committee on my behalf, and which she had framed and glazed.
We want to bring language tools to the next level. We want to see innovation in the language learning landscape. And this cannot happen without open language resources which cannot be built without a community which cannot contribute without efficient platforms.
Across the landscapes of Earth were dotted these giant mushrooms.
At Dom Claude's proposition, the open and benign face of the poet had abruptly clouded over, like a smiling Italian landscape, when an unlucky squall comes up and dashes a cloud across the sun.
It was really an extraordinary landscape that was capable of supporting an extraordinary biodiversity.
Yes, I knew the character of this landscape: I was sure we were near my bourne.
Here is a chance to reward those who care and restore their credibility among the many who have recently become disillusioned by the ravages inflicted upon the landscape and its wildlife.
Harsh colours and crude costumes, ...to harmonise the prairie with the biblical landscape.
Wine, however, has always been an expression of regional diversity, both in terms of the formation of the landscape and the preservation of genetic
I've done so much good today, I've got, like, a soul boner.
Not a horny janitor, not a perverted orderly, not a Make-a-Wish kid with a boner, a priest.
I can't discuss my notes if you have a boner!
Marty, this is the first time in years I've been able to sustain a boner for more than 30 seconds.
I'm not going to bet on whether I get a boner.
On the other hand, there's no arguing with a boner.
It's weird having a boner watching Willie Nelson on TV.
I can't tell if I have a fear boner or a boner-boner.
He'd need to have one humongous boner to penetrate through all that fat.
And it turns out that a boner and a pickup aren't the whole enchilada.
Look, babe, I got us two double-shot lattes.
I risk my life while you sit here and drink lattes.
No lattes or anything, but they did have hot chocolate for Debbie.
You were eating bread and cheese, now everyone is drinking lattes.
I've been bringing lattes to some dudu in scheduling named pierre so he'd keep me out for your surgeries.
Seal of confession still applies, even over lattes.
But now that you're ing held together by a male nurse, I'm gonna let pierre go ahead and get his own lattes.
I don't know how you drank all those lattes and didn't wet yourself. - Goodbye Celia.
That means all the time that we spent together, all the lattes, all the canceled dates, all the midnight Tampax runs, were all for nothing and all your dreams of being an editor are gone.
The first category in the key (‘mandatory introduction in all study programmes or general implementation’) is based mainly on national legislation and refers to the obligation to introduce the DS in all institutions and study programmes.
The abbreviations used for each country are those given in the key on the inside front cover.
Thiscomparison is made for all the cereals shownin the key.
A key to the symbols involved is provided at the foot of the table.
And legend has it that Alexander trekked through this desert.
Now here we have the whole world. You have the legend down there.
The legend has come down in this district from olden times.
The legend says he received his sword from the hands of the gods themselves.
That's the legend... as the Apaches have told it for over 100 years.
Who are we to say that The legend of Kwan Yin Is any less real than the iron
Besides being one of the few examples of a digitised large- scale map, it covered the entire territory with geographic projection at the same scale and with a single legend.
Yes the deaths all follow the legend of Driercliff. Well as MacGregor puts it no man ever goes whole to his grave.
The legend tells of an ancient family that disappeared over five centuries ago and was said to be made up of vampires.
That mystery, which although by 1900 had become a legend... was, indeed, a real tragedy and constant threat... to the lives of all the seemingly doomed members of the House of Hammond.
He showed it in Paris in 1867, and it was a major achievement because it brought the power density of the engine way up.
"Yes, I've been working at my trial for five years now," said the businessman as his head sank, "that's no small achievement."
Performance and responsibility are not in their vocabulary; sloppiness comes as standard.
What happened? As long as the task involved only mechanical skill bonuses worked as they would be expected: the higher the pay, the better the performance.
Christianity is a powerful force. That, for example, protestant missionaries come back home from Asia unconverted - that is a great accomplishment.
But it's this process of trial and error that explains this great divergence, this incredible performance of Western economies.
He meets a teacher, the symbol of academic achievement.
The good performance of the EMEA appears to have been recognised at the numerous conferences and meetings about the new European marketing authorisation system held during 1996.
It's quite an achievement to get a German officer to beg on his hands and knees to go to the Russian front.
I think that is something that every steelworker should look forward to, because it means that he will be able to stand up with other workers everywhere, to stand on his own feet, and that will be his achievement.
You could now get a lot more power in a lot smaller space, and that allowed the engine to be used for mobile applications.
This car has enough power to go up the mountain easily.
But luckily, I found a patent online for industrial furnaces that use microwaves, and at 30 minutes at full power, and I was able to finish off the process.
It's currently 10 billion miles away from Earth, transmitting with that dish, with the power of 20 watts, and we're still in contact with it.
These are now at a price point of -- what used to be 100,000 euros or a couple of hundred-thousand dollars -- for about 5,000 dollars, I can have the power of a very powerful diagnostic device in my hand.
Bypass any batteries that aren't a hundred percent, devote the remaining power to the rest.
Before going on to the specific question of coal and nuclear power, I should now like to say a word about our discussions with the oil producing countries.
The transporter has neither the power nor the range to account for that.
- Of a power of 25 kv or leaa, excluding thoae for doaeatic industry
The only reason I do not reduce you to ashes with my own blazing power is because Rama has not ordered me to do so.
I decided to be -- to work for them as an art director.
This is Professor Oak, the director of this experiment.
I was offered a position as associate professor of medicine and chief of scientific visualization at Yale University in the department of medicine.
Send it to human resources and to the head of finance.
The director of sports who's responsible for getting her into the program asks her to come out of class.
The leader of our party met with the other leaders and talked about the problem.
Firstly, the company's leader and director, Albert Emanuel Vogler.
A sector to co-ordinate the establishment of MRLs and to supervise veterinary pharmacovigilance now exists, to which a head has been appointed and one scientific administrator and one national expert on secondment to the Agency.
And with the Southern Cross under me, I'd get my second wish... because the man who commands in steam... will be the head of Devereaux and Company someday.
Director of the laboratory ships 'Coryphène' (1958-1960) and 'Captain Cap' (1960-1962).
So he went to the Church of Nativity and brought back an old ladder that was so old that it could have seen Jesus being born.
The executioner, who had not loosed his hold on the young girl, began to ascend the ladder once more.
Is this ladder strong enough to bear my weight?
Abuse trickles down from the top of the ladder to the bottom.
"Victory! ~Te Deum~!" cried the scholar. "Here is the ladder of the longshoremen of Port Saint−Landry."
Don't climb that ladder - it's not secure.
Woman: I would create a ladder to use to get up on top of the tree.
There was no personage, however unexpected, no sudden change, no theatrical effect, which was not obliged to mount that ladder. Innocent and venerable infancy of art and contrivances!
The women longed to climb up the social ladder.
And if you ever dare to climb up that ladder, I'll hit you on the head with a baseball bat.
He is, as they say, a walking encyclopedia.
I may be a walking medical encyclopedia, but even I don't know everything.
It's run by this insane freak who's a walking encyclopedia... for every punk and garage band record ever made.
Hearty as a buck, a crack shot, a walking encyclopaedia of Indians and their strange habits,
For example, in oceanography, a lexicon of dolphin language is actually being created by basically visualizing the sonar beams that the dolphins emit.
What I hope you think, is that bacteria can talk to each other, they use chemicals as their words, they have an incredibly complicated chemical lexicon that we're just now starting to learn about.
A lexicon of consumer law from A to Z; a detailed presentation of typical legal
In addition to the official EU languages, the lexicon also includes useful phrases in Russian and Arabic, amongst others.
When the Community lexicon is enriched with expressions such as 'the principle of subsidiarity' and 'democratic deficit', as well as others like 'additionality'
It's like the parts list of your body.
I'm curious to know why they removed my name from the list.
A message written on a sticky note to my mom can come to an SMS, or maybe a meeting reminder automatically syncs with my digital calendar -- a to-do list that automatically syncs with you.
Put down your name on the list and pass it on to the next person.
He wrote a list of what the phonograph might be good for when he invented it, and kind of only one of his ideas turned out to have been the right early idea.
You may choose what to eat from this list.
The name of Ronald Boyce Carter must be added to the list of suicides that have shocked London in recent months.
The National Tempus Offices are prepared to provide a list of such projects.
I write about it regularly, and I know you'll have to visit everyone on your list of suspects.
(1) The entry of a professional representative in the list of professional representatives, as referred to in Article 89 of the Regulation, shall be deleted at his request.
And then I flip-flop when I pull out and you put me on the ticket?
The cost of the ticket Is GBP 30.80 (· 49) for 4 months and GBP 84.60 (♦ 135).
I wouldn't expect to be on your ticket, Heather.
Erin, you do a good job, you can write your own ticket.
Like it or not, it's my name on the ticket this time, and I got the shot, and I'm gonna prove everyone wrong.
How are you gonna be running if I drop you from the ticket?
So they kill a decoy, it empties the station.
Grayson's carrying the document while Sir Henry's being used as a decoy.
For the first time, I like the odds, because now I got a decoy.
You were the decoy. We were the extraction. But the real linchpin of the plan.
You been duck hunting. Oswald's an old-fashioned decoy.
Reality check. I'm your supervising agent. I'm not your decoy.
The truck was a decoy to keep anyone looking closely... away from Fort Benning, where the Iraqi UFO is.
Lovely young model Danielle Breton... agreed to be our decoy.
He's much more valuable as a decoy than as a poacher.
You just make sure there's some fucking work left out there for us... 'cause I don't wanna feel like I'm just some damn decoy.
You tell georgie i'm a ventriloquist, not a shill.
My back has been acting up for the past couple weeks, so as much as I'd like to, I can't blame your corporate shill of a brother for that.
Likewise, a college student seeking Venture Capital will sometimes hire an older-looking shill, you know, someone who looks more, uh, distinguished to help them secure money.
Who is the shill at the expo to rope Bank?
You do it and I tell your family that I was a shill in your swindle.
People willing to expose the President for what she is-- a shill working for these corporations.
So it knows something about the subject; it knows about the length.
And so he set himself to the task of swinging the entire length of his body out of the bed all at the same time.
How do you calculate the length of the circumference? I've forgotten.
There are lots and lots of ways of measuring things -- weighing them and measuring their length -- but the metric system is winning.
I remember but little of the journey; I only know that the day seemed to me of a preternatural length, and that we appeared to travel over hundreds of miles of road.
For the sake of completeness, let us mention that the ring R - considered as a module over itself - has submodules of arbitrarily large finite length.
But it was just as possible that he had not even been listening as he had his hand pressed firmly down on the table and seemed to be comparing the length of his fingers.
The white shark frequently attains, in the tropical seas, the length of more than 30 feet.
Hey, Ike, do you remember that length of logging chain we used to pull Minnie Brubaker's bull out of the Hardrick's Swamp?
Today the honourable Member is asking why the ban should cannot be extended to cover vessels of over 25 m in length.
The master should indicate the fishing zone by noting the latitude and longitude.
The most commonly known coordinates are the geographic latitude, longitude.
In Table 2.1(1), the list of locations, where the experimental facilities were installed, is contained together with information on latitude, longitude and altitude.
Underlying these maps are many databases containing georeferenced environmental data; that is, each data record includes either spatial coordi nates (usually latitude and longitude) or a reference to a site or area whose spatial coordinates are held elsewhere.
Locking coordinates at 32.7 North latitude and 126.4 West longitude, on the Southern edge of Gimlus Valley on the Eastern Vydar plains.
Mayday to Polotska, our position is... (Rustles paper) ..minutes longitude...degrees latitude.
It's been localized. Sixty degrees longitude, 50 lat.
It divides the oceans into areas of five degrees of latitude by five of longitude.
There's actually a major health crisis today in terms of the shortage of organs.
The poor of her day had made her a fine funeral, with tears and benedictions; but, to their great regret, the pious maid had not been canonized, for lack of influence.
The price that the famous pay for their celebrity is a lack of privacy.
Fey demonstrated far more effectively than any political pundit the candidate's fundamental lack of seriousness, cementing an impression that the majority of the American public still holds today.
He lifted up the sable waves of hair which lay horizontally over his brow, and showed a solid enough mass of intellectual organs, but an abrupt deficiency where the suave sign of benevolence should have risen.
The root of the problem is a lack of communication between departments.
The other problem you're going to run into is a lack of motivation.
From this deficiency of nourishment resulted an abuse, which pressed hardly on the younger pupils: whenever the famished great girls had an opportunity, they would coax or menace the little ones out of their portion.
Since Tom arrived at Guantanamo Bay he has been exposed to different forms of torture: sleep deprivation, sensory deprivation, extreme temperatures, prolonged isolation, lack of sunlight and limited health care.
Gentlemen, I'm rather pained at your evident lack of confidence in me.
Hey, doc, how come you're putting me through the wringer again?
So I hear you have, uh, been putting Baze through the wringer.
They've lost everything and now we're putting them through the wringer, just trying to get away.
Mike, you like you've been through the wringer.
They'd put her through the wringer... and, brother, the things they would squeeze out.
I know it feels like you're being put through the wringer.
And we have long 4 hours put through the wringer.
You've got to have been looking for a chance to put this one through the wringer, Senator.
Coach Lawrence put us through the wringer this morning.
They'd put her through the wringer. And brother, the things they would squeeze out.
And then the dream is that you'll be able to, from home, customize your chair. You know, companies and designers will be designing the matrix or the margins that respect both solidity and brand, and design identity.
Children work in this textile factory in conditions close to slavery making clothes for a well-known brand.
IPL became the biggest brand in India and, because our elections, had to be moved to South Africa, and we had to start the tournament in three weeks.
In my book I talked about the fact that 72 percent of people trust what other people say about a brand or a company, versus 15 percent on advertising.
CA: I mean, there are a few launches you've done where the brand maybe hasn't worked quite as well.
There are a large number of European and Japanese suppliers in the Community,with different distribution systems and a broad spectrum of trading techniques.This market structure ensures that there is competition both between differentproducers and, at retail level, between products of the same brand.
17 sticks, "Black Fox" brand, to H. Quinlan.
I would like to ask you, in relation to the question I put earlier, whether you have figures broken down for each brand.
My own brand, the best in the market.
They break down the whole European market according to brand, type and warnings.
Will you please stick a 60-yen stamp on the envelope?
If I had my way, I wouldn't sell a single stamp here, but it wouldn't be a very good business then.
The stamp's going to be auctioned by a woman named Bianca Esteverena tomorrow night.
If they use Keller to verify the stamp's authenticity...
I buy my stamp and have my money's worth.
Every time she licked a love stamp, she felt it made a mockery of her marriage.
The agent checked the list, there's only one stamp missing.
I steamed the stamp off his envelope so that I could send a fan letter to Beverly D'Angelo.
I can see that. Depending on who is on the stamp.
Did that guy in the store say that Sturdevant owned the stamp?
I don't think that whether or not you're getting a compliment should be the test of something's value, but I think in the case of a fashion item, an article of clothing, that's a reasonable benchmark.
The lesson from that was that it was Africa -- an African story -- that was used to share news with the rest of the world of what the benchmark can be for corporate turnarounds.
So this tells us that, in a global economy, it is no longer national improvement that's the benchmark for success, but the best performing education systems internationally.
Well, this from "The Purpose Driven Life" -- "The Bible must become the authoritative standard for my life, the compass I rely on for direction, the counsel I listen to for making wise decisions and the benchmark I use for evaluating everything."
Listen, Carter, no one's ever looked at me as the moral benchmark.
Public disclosure of information is an important benchmark for implementing the EIB’s commitment to transparency.
But what this trade will do is serve as a benchmark for future business, Kevin.
The benchmark is set for when the reporting process is next repeated, in 2013.
But still, to this day, though, even though he died let's say 75-fucking-years ago, he's still the benchmark for evil.
In other respects the terms of the Directive have acted as a benchmark for negotiators: since its adoption agreements have become more detailed in their formal provisions.
He creates these fine, delicate images which he then repeats on a massive scale.
The output power of a one square meter solar panel is about one watt, so it is difficult to use solar power on a large scale at present.
And that's desperately what we need again on a global scale.
I want a map of Texas on a scale of 1 to 250000.
In your mind, Seth -- I mean, you must dream about this -- what is the kind of time scale on, let's start with HIV, for a game-changing vaccine that's actually out there and usable?
However, poaching, which is still practised on a large scale, remains a problem.
If the scale is right, his people are two miles in that direction.
However, no legal definition of small scale is given.
Life is an episode, and - on the scale of the aeons - a very fleeting one.
Moreover, we are increasingly being confronted by refugee crises on a massive scale which flare up quickly.
I stole the bowler hat of my father, his trousers and with the ink I put the moustache on, and I mimed Chaplin.
I don't care if it's a Yankee cap, a bowler, or even a yarmulke.
the hosts of bowler, the hosts of jodhpur.
Where's he going with his little prick and bowler?
Since you wouldn't be ashamed to be seen with me how about goin' out tonight... you, me and the bowler?
Probably has a bowler hat. Am I wrong?
- There's guys with bowler hats... - All over the goddamn place.
Why do they call it a bowler, peggy?
He found Joe Harper and Huck Finn up an alley eating a stolen melon.
And when it gets as big as a melon....
Perhaps our King prefers the melon to the plum.
No significant changes have been observed in the melon's 80 or so known flavour molecules.
In order to test the accuracy of his weapon, he uses a melon.
I would pick anykind of meat I wanted from the tree. I would then go inside and roast themeat, having eaten my water melon.
They're absolutely birds of a feather There's not a new pin in it You couldn't get a melon between them.
A melon without port and strawberries, if you have them.
Behind door number one, your head explodes like a melon.
Next time he touch vino... I whack his head like a melon!
A large amount of money was spent on the new bridge.
I'm going to find that out, and when I find that out, I'm going to prevent a huge amount of damage that he could cause.
Even a small amount of human blood in the water can attract sharks from miles away.
Very hard to find something that, to everybody, is a very beautiful thing, without a certain amount of information packed in there before.
About the same amount that I'd have used if I'd wanted to use poison.
By the end of 1998, 14 of the 15 Member States had established national Agency websites and both the amount of health and safety information and the number of people visiting these sites in order to look for information had strongly increased.
The amount of treated sewage sludge arising annually in the Community is approximately 230 million tonnes, or about 13% of the combined total of waste, i.e. 800 kg per year per inhabitant.
You must understand that in such cases there is an amount of legal work which must be taken care of.
Given that the Community has a selfsufficiency rate in this sector of 117%, the Com munity is forced to export, with refunds, an equivalent amount to third countries.
Here's something where we're sort of integrating a bunch of different capabilities here.
But a considerable crowd formed a circle around it.
Tom and Mary made their way through the crowd.
It's about non-lethal technologies, because if you fire real ammo into a crowd of women and children rioting you're going to lose friends very quickly.
A1l that remained was that slight murmur which always rises above the silence of a crowd.
I heard someone in the crowd outside the station call my name.
It took building a whole bunch of systems to get it right, but once we did, we were able to cut our carbon footprint nearly in half.
She lost sight of her friend in the huge crowd.
The last time I saw a mob like that was in Texas for Curley Hawks' necktie party.
In every Lithuanian daily paper you will find a bunch of articles with ‘Order No’ and the ‘EU flag’ written in boring language.
We will prove that P is a partially ordered set.
A totally ordered set is often called a "chain".
We will prove that P is a partially ordered set.
Frank van Harmelen© Free University Amsterdam suppliers, returning a smaller and morerelevant set of results.’
Dr Jetrel's proposing the reconstruction of a complex set of bio-systems from billions of subatomic particles.
Accordingly, on 20 September, Erkki Liikanen, European Commissioner for Enterprise and the Information Society, launched a Communication outlining a comprehensive set of policy measures designed to enhance Europe's innovation systems and performance.
With theorem 5.8 this implies that n-th homology group is the same as the n-th relative homology group, if we take subspace as the empty set.
Development Process: The set of phases and tasks whereby a Target of Evaluation is constructed, translating requirements into actual hardware and software.
In two-level area sampling, the first-level sample is a set of segments (or grids).
They were dominated by lectures intended to uphold the morale of the unemployed youth, e.g. lectures on civics, trade, hygiene and occupational safety.
Mrs. Bales, I can't jeopardize the morale of an entire squadron just to give your husband a job.
It not only pollutes the working environment, but can also have a devastating effect upon the health, confidence, morale and professional performance of victims, leading to indirect costs for employers and affecting the pro fitability of undertakings.
Air safety has a connection with the morale of air traffic controllers, and in Greece there are special problems in this respect.
General, I'm convinced that your tours have an incalculable effect upon the men's morale.
Blak, Iversen, Kirsten Jensen and Sindal (PSE), in writing. — (DA) The Danish Social Democrats are satisfied that the Commission is now committed to a plan which will rapidly change the corporate culture of the Commission and increase morale.
I mean, just having you around to look at, Lieutenant, is going to give my morale one whale of a big charge.
It's to culture that we should look for guidance, for consolation, for morality.
To begin with, it enfranchised the slaves, introduced into the world a morality—"
This is a sign of decreasing morality in this country.
And there's no notion, no version of human morality and human values that I've ever come across that is not at some point reducible to a concern about conscious experience and its possible changes.
As an altar boy, I breathed in a lot of incense, and I learned to say phrases in Latin, but I also had time to think about whether my mother's top-down morality applied to everybody.
I want to know if there's a chemistry of morality.
I keep these women out of my respect for Roman morality.
We should also remember that local authorities, because of their democratic nature, generally have a better sense of morality than the business world.
The debates on these three issues centre on questions of morality and reflect the key position and influence of the church in matters of family behaviour.
In this atomic age, only the morality of man... can help him to survive.
But at the end of it, you've got a hundred acres of land.
Each year, twenty-seven million acres of the tropical rainforests are destroyed.
We have the opportunity now to bring together all the stakeholders to re-envision how this 28 acres can be better utilized for parkland, affordable housing and local economic development.
And once this path is constructed, it'll connect the South Bronx with more than 400 acres of Randall's Island Park.
I had ne a farn where sone years I'd raise 1 00 bushels of rocks to the acre.
- There's no such thing as free land. If you make these homesteads go, you'll have earned every acre of it. But you just can't make them go on the Mesa Verde.
A few miserable acres of fever-smitten bog and handfuls of tattered peasants whose only desire is to be left in peace to cut each other's throats.
So lazy acres was a snare and a delusion, huh?
And about 20 acres of ground, including a graveyard... to which now all but Stella and I have retreated.
It will probably survey somewhere in the neighborhood of 35 acres, more or less."
She went into the house; I stayed behind a few minutes to plant in my garden a handful of roots I had dug up in the forest, and which I feared would wither if I left them till the morning.
You have been thinking about this problem the whole morning. Take a break; go eat lunch.
Please excuse me for calling you so early in the morning.
And so what I'd like to do this morning for the next few minutes is perform a linguistic resurrection.
"Good morning, Miss Adela," said Mrs. Fairfax.
The morning after I arrived there, I took a walk into the woods of oaks.
Thorpe and Lopez come in during the night, and early morning, sent a wagon out for the meat.
- Let us hurry, the night is short, dawn is close!
TED Fellow Sophal Ear shares the compelling story of his family's escape from Cambodia under the rule of the Khmer Rouge. He recounts his mother's cunning and determination to save her children.
I did not ask what she meant by "all being over," but I suppose she referred to the expected decease of her mother and the gloomy sequel of funeral rites.
The mother didn't know what to do with her son.
Five years ago my mother and I went back to Chau Doc.
I have no relative but the universal mother, Nature: I will seek her breast and ask repose.
And it was at that time that my mother got word from the commune chief that the Vietnamese were actually asking for their citizens to go back to Vietnam.
"But, mother, I did not come to hear Mr. Rochester's fortune: I came to hear my own; and you have told me nothing of it."
The mother told her daughter to do it herself.
You're the only single parent whose son witnessed his own mother get killed in a hit-and-run and hasn't said a word since.
Between April and August 1981 seven people were killed including two girls of 12 and 14, a boy of 15 and a mother going shopping who was hit from a distance of 6 m.
To loosen the lock ring and nut assembly that holds the linkage rods together a special tool would be needed. Several, in fact.
A hole runs through the centre of each panel; this hole is lined with a metal tube with an extension—consisting of a nut which is welded to the tube—to the outside surface (i.e. the extrados) of the panel.
I... Well, I thought she'd check her wheels and see the missing nut and it would scare her enough to come back.
The tube is provided with a pressure-resistant, circular nozzle plate with a central hole and this plate is firmly secured to the tube with the aid of a two-pan screw joint (nut and cap-nut).
The Zone had let you through earlier, under the nut, so it became clear that only you could go through the meat mincer.
Steel wedge-shaped nut (30 mm χ 48 mm χ 22 mm) having a transverse slot (depth 10 mm, width 4 mm) and a seamed hole through its centre (diameter 16 mm).
But I mean, if you ask any guy, most would be willing to give their left nut to sleep with their high school teacher.
Was he off his nut when she went after him?
Screw: M5 χ 10 mm Nut: M5 Assembling of bow
You can't get a nut and bolt out of the Eastern Bloc without a bribe.
But this mistake was not entirely caused by his omitting to consider that contingency, but also by the fact that, up to the day when he was face to face with his dying wife, he had not known his own heart.
Yes, I have thought about that unpleasant eventuality.
For this reason it has not developed plans for the use of military forces in an environmental crisis situation nor does it plan to carry out a study on such an eventuality.
We're shutting things down immediately and this contingency was covered loud and clear.
In the same vein, the limits of positive action itself would not be effaced by the eventuality of a general and
Some eventuality that not even i could have predicted?
1 Urtier' Interactive contingency tables provide the user with thefacility of easily switching between low-dimensional views of the multivariate data.
And what I find fascinating is that even though you think you've prepared for every eventuality...
The terms of the Communication of 10 October 2001 exclude that eventuality.
And I've planned for the contingency where I'm the last man on earth and I need to choose one person from the department with whom to procreate.
So people inhabiting northern hemispheric environments were bereft of the potential to make vitamin D in their skin for most of the year.
There was no difference whatsoever. And at the Big Bang, what it expanded was the potential for difference.
So as it expands and as things expand what we have is the potential for differences, diversity, options, choices, opportunities, possibilities and freedoms.
I have to tell a story in a much more elaborate way, but I have the potential.
And I don't think you just squash potential until there is an actual problem.
As far as reafforestation of the affected land is concerned we believe that the existing Community schemes, notably those provided in the context of rural and regional development, offer great potential for the Community to help in afforestation projects.
Well, let's just say I've discovered the potential for happiness.
Goddammit we have the potential to put things straight.
To get to that stage, we genuinely need to start building demand in those societies on the ground.
'I consider that a salary is payment for value received and should be subject to the law of supply and demand.
Demand for imported cars is increasing due to lower prices.
We need a greater demand for ideas -- those larger markets I was talking about earlier -- and a greater supply of ideas for the world.
This new model of car is so popular that they have had to open a new factory to meet the demand.
This can support seasonal farmers around metro areas who are losing out because they really can't meet the year-round demand for produce.
Meaning, a change in price does not affect demand.
Based on this experience, the need to turn the latent demand for management training into an effective one has been identified.
In order to improve these people’s chances of employment and inclusion in the initial labour market, the focus was on actions to promote qualifications in the vocational elds that corresponded to the current demand of the regular labour markets.
So as you can see, if we apply these rules to our everyday life... supply and demand makes much more sense.
A simple inquiry as to the reason for the request would have told so much... yet with this many witnesses present... not a single one among you had the consideration to ask.
(The sitting was opened at 9 a.m.) says that I asked that the Viehoff report not be placed on the agenda and that Parliament accepted this request.
In my experience, when a simple request gets an outsized response, either something's wrong or I've won something.
It was just that your request startled me for a moment but no doubt you have a very good reason.
Remaining copies are distributed during the year at the request of individual contacts, organizations or institutions.
Whereas officials representing the competent authorities should report on whether the manufacturer complies with good manufacturing practice and that these reports should be communicated upon reasoned request to the competent authorities of another Member State;
• the radio programmes produced in 1991 and 1992 were repeated two or three times upon the request of the audience;
Tomorrow, before we vote on the resolution, we shall ask Commissioner McSharry which amendments he intends accepting and whether he will agree to this request for conciliation.
In its proposals the Commission states that it is only taking into account the request for reallocation of quotas which were submitted before the end of July 1988 at least five months before the adoption by the Council of the finalized amending regulation.
I en K) co or is available on request, by fax, from the Publications Office: (352) 29 29-42758
I guess you'll give me a good discount.
When the vehicle is fully electric, this 75% discount is extended to its whole life.
Would you please just get me what I ordered and tell Omar that I would like a discount for the inconvenience?
In its Vehicles´ Fiscal Ordinance, Madrid's City council appliesreductions of 50%, 30%, 20% and 15% the first 4 years to small cars anda 6 years' 75% tax discount to hybrid vehicles.
So I called the supplier, and they offered to give us a discount, but I was like, "We can't work with this rebar!"
Employersreceive an additional discount of EUR 700 (NLG 1,543) if they take onsomeone returning to the labour market.
Just what kind of discount are you proposing here?
And if they decide to buy the finished product, they will get a good discount!"
For the record, I was gonna give you a discount but I didn't wanna insult you, so if you want, go ahead, cut it in half.
In order to qualify for a discount, the preventive measures taken must exceed the legal minimum standards and should already be implemented.
Kurt or Nirvana's greatest legacy was to bring the underground overground.
A father whose only legacy was the stigma of his terrible crime.
Actually, I'm interested in a different kind of legacy.
The true legacy of Dad's hammer is failure.
Jessica, I understand how hard this is for you, but his legacy is this drug.
"How can the news possibly be worse?"
The news so shocked his mother that it brought on an apoplectic attack."
Shocked at the news, she couldn't speak.
The good news is, by 2006, India has closed the gap between men and women in terms of life expectancy.
There was, of course, another reason for bringing these employees; they, just like my landlady and her maid, were expected to spread the news of my arrest and damage my public reputation and in particular to remove me from my position at the bank.
She burst into tears when she heard the news.
The good news is that the same technology that allowed miniaturization of electronics is now allowing us to miniaturize biological laboratories.
Katavasov in a few words told him the latest news, and, taking him into the study, introduced Levin to a tall, sturdy, and very agreeable-looking man.
The news that she got divorced was a big surprise.
She brings you good news Or haven't you heard?
So, you know, that's my last message to you.
And when I come back, there will be a note from Kitty.
A message on the answering machine:"Please call me back! Until 18.00 you will reach me on my cell phone, after that on the landline."
And I want these people to hear this greeting, "Hi boss, I'm out making us both some money. Leave a message."
We are very happy to have received a message from you.
In advance, I asked that once my body finally shut down from the punishments of my cancer, then my family and friends publish this prepared message I wrote -- the first part of the process of turning this from an active website to an archive."
Send me a message or give me a call if you're interested.
You're very flattering, Imperial Majesty, but the note contains nothing of importance.
Mac Luhan can rest in peace: at least in the case of "Women of Europe", the media is the message.
You knew from the first that note was a real threat.
But as Beethoven said, a few wrong notes may be forgiven, but singing without feeling cannot.
The smoothintroduction of the euro in 1999 and the notes and coins in 2002 brings a welcome noteof stability and confidence.
It strikes a lot of the same notes of fruit and cocoa.
I'm sensing strong notes of anise... you might recall...
I thought that if I assigned numbers to the notes...
"The future is full of merry notes."
A good structure with toasted and exotic notes, which will go well with the duck.
I was in high school and got a bad grade, a rare event for me, so I decided to hide it from my parents.
His essay gave only a superficial analysis of the problem, so it was a real surprise to him when he got the highest grade in the class.
And my brother says, "I got the top grade in the class."
Chris got a remarkable grade for the complex homework.
After 30 days of sleepless nights, she finally capitulated and raised the grade.
You know, it's been proven that 35 to 40 hours a year with one-on-one attention, a student can get one grade level higher.
Hey, Mr. Tanner, did you get D.J.'s grade changed yet?
Pupilswho obtain a grade of 10 or more pass the test.
Is the grade at least within the first four letters of the alphabet?
Each nontariff barrier was awarded a score from 0 to 2 depending on the expected impact.
Well, if they're safe, Oliver certainly deserves a medal.
0 Has published approximately 40 books and scripted, directed and produced numerous films. Pro Finlandia medal.
And a nice, shiny medal like the one he's got on.
Yuri Yurkov's father was a General. In what Russians still call the Great Patriotic War he fought in tanks: many great battles, many medals.
This is a catastrophe! My medal is missing!
he decoration was awarded by the Hungarian Finance Minister Péter Oszkó, on behalf of the President of the Republic of Hungary, László Só-
Even if no one is going to win any political medals by fighting for energy conservation, increasing energy efficiency is and will continue to be the cleanest and safest source of energy that we have, and we should be focusing on that.
Just my type. Seventy-five thousand and with medals...
Oh, yes, and now they're going to give us medals.
Come to the party tonight Colonel, and I'll give you back your medal.
Tom soon found himself tormented with a desire to drink and swear; the desire grew to be so intense that nothing but the hope of a chance to display himself in his red sash kept him from withdrawing from the order.
Yes, you are a wonderful husband!' she said with a significant and affable expression, as if she were conferring on him an Order of Highmindedness for his conduct toward his wife.
TOM joined the new order of Cadets of Temperance, being attracted by the showy character of their "regalia."
It's an ancient order dedicated to the brotherhood of man, under the eye of God.
The first private institution for the education of the handicapped was established in 1928 following agreement between the state and the Order of Saint Elisabeth.
Since the death of Dr. Steinwald in a car accident a Hubert Hamlyn is leads the order.
Φ Al-lstiqlal, Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan; Knight of the Grand Cross of the Order of Merit of the Republic of Italy.
However, His Imperial Majesty has authorised me... to bestow upon you the Order of Aspern, Second Class.
As if Terry had initiated me into an order of exiles
My grandmother never recognized my mother and didn't give us his order.
He was playing cops and robbers with his friends, running around town, and they all had plastic toy guns.
The alarm swept from lip to lip, from group to group, from street to street, and within five minutes the bells were wildly clanging and the whole town was up!
The "Dirty Jobs" crew and I were called to a little town in Colorado, called Craig.
They're tracking a signal headed towards town. OK.
Construction of motorway section to bypass town of Farchant (Bavaria) ARGE Ortsumgehung Farchant
In response to this problem, which demanded an urgent solution, access to the town by private car has been restricted.
This has resulted in long traffic queues building up on the winding coastal approach road to the town.
Construction of motorway section to bypass town of Farchant (Bavaria) ARGE Ortsumgehung Farchant
As a result of a European demonstration project, heat can be pumped to collective housing and buildings in the small town of Haag (Austria).
Villarrobledo, a town of some 23 000 inhabitantsin the province of Albacete (Castile-La Mancha),is a road transport hub of major importance forcommunications in Spain.
It's a long way and there's no village until you get to Tijuana.
The following Presidency statement on be half of the European Union on the violent attacks near the village of Tanusevci, was published in Brussels and Stockholm on 6 March.
Is there a shorter route to this damn village?
Dr Elza Togonidze was very pleased when, in December 2007, the new primary healthcare centre in the small village of Eniseli in Kakheti (Georgia) opened to serve more than 4 000 in the surrounding countryside.
"such to include the cottage I own in the village of Clagmore, Cornwall, England, "known as Larkrise."
In 1978 a group of people in this Welsh village, led by the minister,decided to rebuild an old 18th Century chapel which had stood unused and derelict for nearly 30 years.
Simpler to keep the quarantine in place and then after one or two weeks, we say that the village has been... cleansed.
The Directorate-General for Agrarian Development of the Agriculture Commission of the Government of Valencia recently decided to build a forest road to link the Monastery of Sant Joan de Penyagolosa with the village of Puertomingalvo inside the habitat protected by the Directive.
Tourists have to stay in Daliyan village which is a boat ride up the river from the beach.
I could arrange two complimentaries for any performance if you'll just let me have one tiny packet.
After completing and signing both parts the exporter shall place his declaration (part 1) inside the packet and affix the label from part 2 of form AE2 to the outer wrapping.
Why don't you take... You take, um, This packet home, look it over?
She comes out of the store with a little packet in her hands.
You have been found guilty of stealing by force a packet of diamonds valued at ? 140,000.
In this packet are the conditions for the competition.
He receives a stiff drink and then a nice little packet of selected meat to take home.
He will arrange for you to be taken aboard a packet and conveyed to safety, but do not delay, if you hold your mother dear.'
He drove to the cornershop at speed.When Mats got to the corner shop, Bertil cameout with a packet of cigarettes and a can of Coke.When Bertil had emptied the can he threw it onthe ground.
I had to rip up the packet and stick it in the dog basket!
Getting that energy is very, very difficult. It all comes down to that power plant -- how to get a large amount of power in a small package.
"No, I cannot stay; I have only brought you a little parcel my sisters left for you.
I paid 2,000 yen for the parcel to be sent by air.
We recognize this is a finite resource, and it's simply crazy to do this, to put a liter and a half of petrol in the trash every time you get a package.
She found him in his shop, doing up a parcel.
Send the package to me care of Miss E Book.
It was a very high, it was a very impersonal time in design and we wanted to say, the content is what's important, not the package, not the wrapping.
Tom didn't know who to deliver the package to.
Oh, Paula, Barbara left a pack of film on the desk in the house.
Rather than, for example requiring a prosecution to collect and assemble evidence from the authorities in several Member States relating to the same offence, UCLAF could supply the same information as a "package", making it more comprehensible and coherent.
Joseph Lekuton, a member of parliament in Kenya, starts with the story of his remarkable education, then offers a parable of how Africa can grow. His message of hope has never been more relevant.
I think we have an obligation as parents and a society to start teaching our kids to fish instead of giving them the fish -- the old parable: "If you give a man a fish, you feed him for a day.
But for those who really study that text a little more thoroughly, you will discover that a question has been raised that leads to this parable.
There's a story I heard as a child, a parable, and I never forgot it.
Thanks for that happy, hopeful little parable. I can hardly wait for my own first divorce.
The lion with the thorn in his paw is a parable, a story about a big, ferocious creature that is felled by something small.
Overall, I give hell one star for horror and two very disappointed thumbs down for clever use of parable.
And after that first parabola, you know, the doc said everything is great. He was smiling, and we said go.
We looked at a way to break up a parabola into individual petals that would track.
The velocity of ascent will be incommensurable, cosmic, tremendous, while the parabola of descent will frankly follow an unpredictable trajectory, as laid down by the law of evasion.
It is now in the microgravity phase (virtualweightlessness) during which the aircraft follows a ballistic trajectory, inthe form of a parabola.
"We're always encountering new problems to which statistics can be applied, and there's no limit to refining a model of something.Take a ball thrown through the air.You can model it as a simple parabola and then you can take account of air resistance.
A parabola is given in the dissertation mentioned (16) as a solution for the curve as a solution for the curve length L .,. of the side cnt length of the critical area erit
The Unusual Organism Task Force is to be disbanded. After 30 years of service, a motion was passed in the Diet last week.
We think a regulation of this kind is urgently required, and it reflects the growing popular concern for a healthy, 'natural' diet.
staple diet of the local people, resulting in catastrophic damage to the nervous system. The disease, called after the town, is particularly painful and incurable.
These measures were accompanied, as regards non-tariff matters, by a revision by the Japanese Diet of a series of technical and ad ministrative standards and regulations relating to import procedures.
So we asked a question to the parliament: Do poor have heads?
"In all their petitions to the Parliament, they claim to have but two masters. Your majesty and their God, who is the devil, I believe."
The British Parliament is divided into the House of Commons and the House of Lords.
And earlier this year, he got a request from the Green Party in Australia who used it in their campaign where it became part of the debate that resulted in the Australian parliament adopting the most rigorous carbon tax regime of any country in the world.
Do you know, my dear, that parliament hath full jurisdiction over all places of asylum, and that you were running a great risk in your little chamber at Notre−Dame?
The British Parliament is divided into the House of Commons and the House of Lords.
My parents were both elected to the first parliament, alongside Nelson and Winnie Mandela. They were the only other couple.
I should greatly like to know whether it be the mercy of God that there should be in Paris any other lord than the king, any other judge than our parliament, any other emperor than ourselves in this empire!
"Parliament has made our King Head of the Church.
A number of candidates of foreign origin have been elected to the Chambre de Travail, a body which exercises advisory powers at the highest level, namely in Parliament.
That can be our private password when we meet each other again.
Greater cooperation was also the watchword as far as the management of the projects themselves was concerned.
No one comes out until you hear the non-duress password, "suppertime."
With subsidiarity the watchword for the future, what can we best do with this Community that has such a varied mosaic of social, geographical and climatic conditions?
You run into the street, and say the password when you see a fat woman.
Mr Funke was certainly present when the former Federal Chancellor, Helmut Kohl, announced his watchword for the future winegrowing policy on German National Wine Day: we must drink more.
But the other one gave the password too. "Damned melon".
Today, the slogan 'convergence of media' is the watchword.
Password: "S...a...save the Albanians".
Empowerment is the watchword here. This means the participation of women in political, economic and social activities so that structural changes can be made to the economy and to society in general.
The slogan on the wall was an irresponsible act, but it has made the atmosphere in the factory even more unhealthy.
Trade, not aid: an attractive slogan The generalized system of preferences (GSP) Primary commodities: dependence and instability Humanitarian aid: a lifeline for the poorest
Actually, I shouldn't tell you this, but he was the one who wrote that slogan.
That reminded me of the slogan of the Spanish Civil War, the defence of Madrid: no pasarán — they shall not pass.
Seeing the slogan that I always repeated in the demonstartions:
The slogan here runs: rather than drawing away in fear we must move towards one another.
At the same time, a big effort to modernize the administration of "NationaL Education" has been made in order to make it, according to a slogan Launched by the Ministry at the beginning of the Last school year "the enterprise of the future".
The words 'the foreigners', meaning the immigrants, 'are taking the bread out of our mouths, unemployment is their fault' have become a common slogan, a common argument in the various countries of the Community.
You know, sometimes there's a 10-, 15-minute break out there when you're waiting for a wave to come in.
There was an interval between two races, so that nothing hindered the conversation.
Avoid prolonged use of the console. To help prevent eye strain, take a break of about 15 minutes during every hour of play.
Right from the age of 15, when I started looking around me, I started seeing hundreds and thousands of women and children who are left in sexual slavery-like practices, but have absolutely no respite, because we don't allow them to come in.
You have been thinking about this problem the whole morning. Take a break; go eat lunch.
You know, if you have kids coming into lunch and all they're going to do when they get out of lunch is go to have recess, you see them just throw away their lunch so they can run outside.
You have been thinking about this problem the whole morning. Take a break; go eat lunch.
My first day of school, Mother made me eat so much... I couldn't even swallow until recess.
Could I suggest that it is the Members who are doing the voting and it is they who should decide whether to have a break.
- Well, I think we ought to take a break.
She only stopped dancing when she felt too tired and had to ask to be allowed a rest.
He said, "Let's take a short rest."
Let's take a short rest here. My legs are tired and I can't walk any more.
Maybe a rest and a change of scene will do you good.
I needed a rest, so I thought I'd come home for a little while.
As with such peak loads a "rise in fatigue" below the maximum permissible cardiac frequency is acceptable, it was proposed that a number of tests be taken with a scheme of 3 minutes' work followed by 3 minutes' rest under the conditions outlined.
- He needed a rest, poor old basket.
All right, gentlemen, take a one-hour rest period.
After what this ship has been through, every crewman needs a rest.
And when you do, your men will be relieved and get a long rest.
You won't believe it. In the same boardinghouse as you.
You can stay at the boardinghouse with Doña Lola and feel bitter.
I went to her aunt and uncle's, which was a bit unpleasant, and the boardinghouse, too.
They own that boardinghouse over on Mediterranean with the nice rooms for respectable folk.
This is a decent boardinghouse, and now it's your home.
I've moved into the boardinghouse where that operator Lidia--
My mother used to work in a boardinghouse, and my dad would stay there when he comes from... from sea or wherever he goes, and that's how she met him.
Like I said, she's come to stay at our boardinghouse.
Listen, I woke up a few minutes ago in a cheap boardinghouse off Edgware Road.
In too many 401 plans, if people do nothing, it means they're not saving for retirement, if they don't check the box.
Commentary : The data do not include approximately 58 032 widows and dependants receiving war pensions in 1989.
The shorter qualifying period for retirement ongrounds of "reduced capacity"has been increased and the minimumage at which men (but not women) can qualify has been raised from
The law on structural adaptation will make access to early retirement more difficult from 1.1.96.
He is 65 and he has a well deserved retirement.
On one occasion, he saw a man in a bathrobe smoking a pipe, and realized it was himself.
Both the labourers were sitting on the narrow path between the fields, probably sharing a pipe of tobacco.
In his pockets there is no pipe, no tobacco, and no tabacco tin either.
"I'm the landlord's son, sir," answered the lad, taking the pipe from his mouth and stepping to one side.
In the Palatinate the pastor goes to church with a pipe.
At half past nine that evening, when he arrived back in front of the building where he lived, he met a young lad in the doorway who was standing there, his legs apart and smoking a pipe.
Grandfather talked to me with a pipe in his mouth.
Old Rouault on his way back began quietly smoking a pipe, which Homais in his innermost conscience thought not quite the thing.
Tom carved a pipe for Mary, but she doesn't smoke.
He was in front of the fire, both his feet on the mantelpiece, smoking a pipe.
She had left the whistle which he had given her lying on the ground.
This is a calf in captivity making an imitation of that trainer's whistle.
When he was gone, Quasimodo picked up the whistle which had just saved the gypsy. "It was getting rusty," he said, as he handed it back to her; then he left her alone.
He drew from his pocket a little metal whistle.
He laid the whistle on the floor and fled.
- Must be the whistle he swallowed. - Uh-uh.
Oh, put that whistle down and get dressed.
P.S. My father has given in and made a whistle... with which he wakes us and calls us to breakfast.
Now, you keep blowing this whistle real soft, like this:
A marble, a car, a picture, a whistle, chalk.
Because the road map to get rid of this disease involves many things.
There was no road map. No one had ever done anything like this before.
Is there a road map where this becomes a mass-market vehicle?
We made a three dimensional map of the distribution of hydrogen gas in the Galaxy.
Member States should publish by end 2003 their intentions regarding a possible switchover.These could include a road map, and an assessment of market conditions, and possibly a date for the closure of analogue terrestrial television broadcasting which would enable the recovery and refarming of frequencies.
If Silver Lake is really in the hunting territory of the Utah, then this map is accurate on that point.
Implementation will be through the specific ("thematic") programmes described above, by means of competitive calls for proposals, following a detailed work programme and a "road map"for the evolution of the activities during the period of the Framework Programme.
In that lecture he wanted to show the first map of the distribution of hydrogen clouds in the Galaxy.
Furthermore, this map is yet another destabilizing element in the region as a whole.
So, we had to make that map before his talk.
"No," said he; "it is a long-cherished scheme, and the only one which can secure my great end: but I shall urge you no further at present.
Eh! Our plans for the journey, do you remember?
Maxwell told me how friendly you are You´re very interested in our plans
The Ministers also put forward a scheme to exchange medical personnel and underlined the importance of work on carcinogenic chemicals in the fields of the Internal Market, social policy and research.
Is there nothing I can say to dissuade you from this foolhardy scheme?
The EEC debate in Denmark thus became an unrealistic debate conducted on the wrong issues, and successive governments were obliged to maintain their reticence on the true nature of the Community and its plans and on what the EEC politicians committed themselves to over in Brussels.
And you talked that bumble-brained Berton kid into carrying out the scheme.
Now our health is to be gambled with frivolously through the scheme to increase the fat content of milk.
Monsieur, all I want is to be careful... to give this change in the plans a little more thought.
And then I saw this quote: "advertising is the price companies pay for being unoriginal."
When she saw his quiet gestures, heard his shrill, childish, and sarcastic voice, her repulsion toward him destroyed the pity she had felt for him, and she now experienced nothing but fear and anxiety to clear up the situation at any cost.
Everything at that store is 10 percent off the regular price.
Growing big was another answer, but size always comes at a price.
To-night, at least, I would be her guest, as I was her child: my mother would lodge me without money and without price.
The price of this article does not cover the cost of its manufacture.
Imagine going into a restaurant and getting this big menu card, but you have no idea what the price is.
There was something frightful and revolting in the recollection of what had been paid for with this terrible price of shame.
Don't get taken in by their advertising; I don't see how they can sell something like that for that price.
My dear Colonel, according to the King's request... it is for you to take first choice of this dainty nosegay... and at your own price.
If you put up a prize, you can get literally a 50 to one leverage on your dollars.
Then they talked about horses, about that day's races, and how gallantly Vronsky's Atlasny had won the first prize.
She didn't win the prize, but she competed until the last moment and surprised everyone.
And there will be a prize for the person who gets closest at the end.
"I'll laugh at you heartily when to-morrow is past; till then I dare not: my prize is not certain.
A prize was given in honor of the great scientist.
There was exactly one a-piece all round. 'But she must have a prize herself, you know,' said the Mouse.
He didn't win the prize, but he came close to it.
Second prize, a crystal bowl, goes to Miss Anni Behnke.
First prize in the "Junior Enterprise" competition in Vienna "NaturPursch", the mini-enterprise run by students from the Obstbaufachschule Gleisdorf (Austria), came first in the 1997 Österreichischer J un ¡or-Wettbewerb in Vienna.
And I have to say, this really proves that storytelling, it's a commodity, it's a staple.
This item now accounts for 20 percent of our sales.
I want to market this item as a new direction in women's fashion.
Companies specialising in one specific item can find compliance costs reaching between 10 and 15% of their entire annual turnover on a large market.
We do have one item that is particularly special and will fulfill all your needs.
• The patient pays the whole cost up Charge of GBP 5.90 (· 9.45) per 4. Pharmaceutical products to and including SEK 900 (· 105). prescribed item.
Ewe's meat does not have any premium attached to it whatsoever, and yet we have a clawback and a tax on something which should be a freely traded commodity in the Community.
We have also been told that the total cost of subsidies freely given by this Community in 1979 to Russia for one commodity alone — butter — amounts to approximately 236 million units of account.
• The patient pays the whole cost up Charge of GBP 6.00 (€ 9.50) per 4. pharmaceutical products to and Including SEK 900 (€101) prescribed item.
Thus, whereas in 1992 this item was one of the few types of crop production for which the real value increased, wine underwent the greatest fall in real value in 1993 (-19.3%).
This is a local company called Vitality, and they've created a product to help people take their medicine on time.
With this price, your product would not be competitive in the Japanese market.
For modern Americans who are exposed to more options and more ads associated with options than anyone else in the world, choice is just as much about who they are as it is about what the product is.
This product contains no preservatives. After opening, refrigerate and consume quickly.
It's to transform any new product into a new market.
This product is both a floor polish and a dessert topping.
It's a product I work on at the agency.
The duty-paid price of the most commonly involved product, cigarettes, is composed of at least 69% tax in the countries of the EU, in some Member States more (see next section2).
The new magnesium plant being built here at the edge of town goes into operation in the next two months supplying a vital war product.
Since the essence of the fraud is to bring the product into free circulation, the result is that dubious meat of uncertain origin reaches EU consumers without any health checks at all.
That trend is generally called Islamic modernism, and it was advanced by intellectuals and statesmen, not just as an intellectual idea though, but also as a political program.
Karenin had a prolonged tussle with them, and wrote out for them a programme which they were not to overstep, and having dismissed them he wrote two letters to Petersburg.
There is a short program of local news on the radio.
But what we're going to do, is we're going to create a program for people outside the field of cancer to get together with doctors who really know about cancer and work out different programs of research."
So it was decided to say nothing to anybody about the night's programme.
Image Viewer is an image viewing software. This software is a very small program. This software has basic functions only. This is translatable by Tatoeba Project users.
I put my software and IBM together; I got profit and they got the loss.
The scrolling text on the display of my Internet radio gives me information about the selected station and the running program.
This is part of a program aimed at the equality of women.
The program is, I should now sing "A woman as old as me" I do not feel like it, May I sing something else?
Well, let's stick to the schedule and test Lanson.
Phase II will be prepared according to the schedule below:
While welcoming you, our comrade will give you the schedule for your stay.
And in this context, the protests made by the chairman of the Socialist Group should appear in the Minutes, because it was the Socialist Group which objected to this subject being brought forward.
Although the demolition had been planned for some time the music and the fireworks were, according to the crew chief "definitely not on the schedule."
We have a fairly tight schedule with some fairly brief general intro ductions by Ms Laila Freivalds speaking about the Swedish expe rience on openness and Mr Oreja explaining the Commission's situation, and I hope that we can have an interactive session.
And if you look at the top of my TV set... you'll see a schedule of the Metropolitan Opera broadcasts.
I do not like it, but I have a very full schedule today, and you will have to be my proxy.
The individual's basic rights and freedoms must also be realized in a political context, they must be won from the powers that be.
T ake a day out of your busy schedule. I'm sure you can catch up by catalog.
This is a prediction. I might be wrong.
It concerns a foretelling... a prediction now more than 30 years old.
The full significance of this shift was perhaps at first obscured by the 'World food shortage' of the early 1970's; but as productivity continued to rise Mansholt's prediction of surplus food production increasingly became a reality.
How long before the Halkan prediction of revolt is realised?
I made him act that way. With a false prediction. I dared him to win Madame Henriette.
And to the prediction to emerge, Jesus had to die.
According to this prediction... we might lose a brother
To hear a voice is one thing... but this isn't just a message, it's a prediction.
Why not reveal this prediction to us, instead of trying to draw us into a hopeless war?
Then maybe the real question is... Is this a novel or someone's prediction?
His mother's prophecy that he would be a great musician was later fulfilled.
They're prophecy for the kind of seismic, terrestrial effects of the math that we're making.
And I believe, personally, that we're on the verge and that, with the presence and help of people like you here, we can bring about the prophecy of Isaiah.
If his body is stolen in the night, the people will proclaim that the prophecy has been fulfilled, that the Messiah has risen.
That is not compatible with an aggressive promotion policy and can only work negatively to become a self-fulfilling prophecy.
Three old, blind women gifted beyond all others in prophecy and knowledge.
This could prompt the general public and retailers to hoard certain banknote denominations, thus leading to a shortage of such denominations (creating, in effect, a “self-fulfilling prophecy”).
Let the Philistine prove the folly of Samuel's prophecy.
Under these conditions, it is not surprising that the prophecy of a continued decline in Europe's influence is constantly reiterated.1The theme is clearly expressed by H. d'Hérouville: 'The retreat of the Common Market will continue.
It was like a... It was a kind of prophecy.
And for the very first time in my scientific career, I broke scientific protocol, which is that you take the data and publish them in scientific journals and then begin to talk about them.
Another quick protocol -- and I'm going to go through these quickly, but just to give you the material sense of what we're doing here -- instead of asking you for urine samples, I'll ask you for a mouse sample.
Free is something that comes with digital, because the reproduction costs are essentially free. It comes with IP, because it's such an efficient protocol. It comes with fiber optics, because there's so much bandwidth.
And since Pacific International is an LA-based firm, they wanted to interface with standard European protocol.
Ensign, despite Starfleet protocol, I don't like being called "sir".
The Protocol on the Privileges and immunities of the European Communities shall apply to the Centre.
Or would you have me suffer untold agonies of pain in order to observe strict medical protocol?
List of products excluded from the scope of this Protocol
Let's start with the reading of the minutes from our last meeting.
The Robert Rules say we gotta have minutes for a meeting, right?
Recapitulating on our last meeting and the minutes, which you doubtless received...
No objeaions were so raised and the minutes were adopted on Thursday 25 Oaober 1984.
We'll hear the minutes of our last meeting.
President. — Rule 17 (2) of the Rules of Procedure requires me to lay before Parliament, for its approval, the minutes of proceedings of this sitting, which were written during the debates.
The list of Members appointed to the Consultative Assembly will be annexed to the minutes of proceed ings of this sitting.
Todd Anderson, because he prefers not to read, will keep minutes of the meetings.
So speaking of love and the brain, there's a researcher, known to some as Dr. Love, who claims that scientists have found the glue that holds society together, the source of love and prosperity.
Metrov quoted words an the subject attributed to the Emperor and one of the Ministers, which he had from a reliable source.
Whenever you download something from the Internet, make sure it's from a trusted source.
Now, we know that tomatoes are a good source of lycopene, and lycopene is antiangiogenic.
The place where a river starts is its source.
We need nothing less than a new green revolution, and the planet boundaries shows that agriculture has to go from a source of greenhouse gases to a sink.
I thought I had found the source of your melancholy in a dream." I shook my head.
We'll take two men to the river's source.
(Source: Court of Auditors. 0J321 15.12.1986) if it is to make any real impact on the economies of the member countries.
David has discovered a method of neutralizing nuclear radiation at the source.
Even joy -- that can be the spring of happiness.
Besides, I wished to touch no deep-thrilling chord--to open no fresh well of emotion in his heart: my sole present aim was to cheer him.
Getting into a hot spring at Norikura is great.
But even more striking than the ferocious power emanating from that well was the recklessness with which that power was unleashed -- the carelessness, the lack of planning that characterized the operation from drilling to clean-up.
A few steps brought them to the spring, and Tom felt a shudder quiver all through him.
Another tedious wait at the spring and another long sleep brought changes.
A long time after this--they could not tell how long--Tom said they must go softly and listen for dripping water--they must find a spring.
Huck found a spring of clear cold water close by, and the boys made cups of broad oak or hickory leaves, and felt that water, sweetened with such a wildwood charm as that, would be a good enough substitute for coffee.
Thirsty little minds rushing to the fountain of knowledge.
“I know where there’s a secret spring!”he said.
Were I you, I would follow his advice.
It was the advice that I decided to follow myself when I turned 40.
But sensible treatment and sea-bathing in the summer have restored his health, and now, on the doctor's advice, I send him to school.
The best advice to follow when buying a Persian carpet is to have a good knowledge of carpets!
And then they give you advice: "If you eat olive oil and vegetables, you'll have fewer skin wrinkles."
'Please follow my advice,' said the old Princess, 'cover the jam with paper soaked in rum, and then it will not get mouldy, even without ice.'
I wish I had followed the doctor's advice.
My advice, sir, if you'll take it, is not to be too harsh with them.
The EU stands by their side with political support, technical advice and substantial financial assistance to help them carry out these reforms.”
What makes young girls go wrong, Your Excellency, is the advice of women, not the eyes of men.
'I am glad it has all ended satisfactorily and that you are back again,' he continued. 'But what are they saying there about the new Statute I carried in the Council?'
When I say "we," I'm at the Council on Foreign Relations.
The council made a secret decision to fortify the isthmus of Corinth, and not to go beyond it.
The council must grant dispensation to leave during the festival.
Tell him there is an old man here at the agency great in the council of the whites.
And so, what I think is really intriguing about a community like 4chan is just that it's this open place.
Von Neumann, and a logician, and a mathematician from the army put this together. Then, they needed a place to build it.
Where I work, in the Arab region, people are busy taking up Western innovations and changing them into things which are neither conventionally Western, nor are they traditionally Islamic.
A public place so dismal that the winos don't even want to go there.
I didn't think he'd take such a big place in my life.
Economic and social factors are at the root of the political instability in this region and this was also the point of departure of the Commission's recommendation.
By superimposing both star maps, we will see where two stars occupy the same place in both universes.
In highlighting once more the Mediterranean dimension of the Community, this new enlargement brings us closer to the frontiers of our civilization which will achieve its full flowering in the region around the Mediterranean basin.
A legend is entitled to be beyond time and place.
I think there are some difficulties with the report and with the conclusions of the report which, to some extent, reflect the kind of exchange that has taken place in the committee.
And the temporal lobe hallucinations are all-sense hallucinations, full of feeling, full of familiarity, located in space and time, coherent, dramatic.
Lying on his back he was now gazing at the high cloudless sky. 'Don't I know that that is infinite space, and not a rounded vault?
This room is too hot for us to work in.
Now, we see this space, this three-dimensional environment, as being a canvas on which all sorts of applications can play out, and map's directions are really just one of them.
They saw a weedgrown, floorless room, unplastered, an ancient fireplace, vacant windows, a ruinous staircase; and here, there, and everywhere hung ragged and abandoned cobwebs.
You will be in charge of the babies in this room.
Writer and designer Graham Hill asks: Can having less stuff, in less room, lead to more happiness? He makes the case for taking up less space, and lays out three rules for editing your life.
It was not without a certain wild pleasure I ran before the wind, delivering my trouble of mind to the measureless air-torrent thundering through space.
Tom awoke to find himself in a strange room.
We did find some old blueprints of this facility, but there was no room that could fit the bill.
I had my first period when I was 13 years old.
Is this because I'm near my period, you think?
With the period of unstable exchange rates setting in, European Community leaders decided to generalize the MCAs at the beginning of the 1970s.
You think I told him I got my period?
It should be borne in mind that many legal provisions, concerning the contractual relationship, originate from a totally different period, namely from the turn of the century.
I should have kept you in after your first period.
(i) making permanent the system of launching aid, which would be granted for a period of five years on more favourable terms, on condition that the aids do not exceed the ac tual expenses of setting up and running the organizations;
I was mindful of her period, but she ended up getting pregnant
The problem worsened in the sixties with a drop in the economic growth rate, while during this period Portugal experienced massive emigration to large European cities, which needed foreign workers.
When a girl's period gets close, she jumps sideways.
And indeed, this kind of verbiage is not the exception, but the rule.
Karenin made it a rule to see his wife every day, so as not to give the servants any grounds for making conjectures, but he avoided dining at home.
I go to my work at eight forty as a rule.
The only rule is, we have not to have any idea about the next story.
He makes it a rule to get up at six every day.
Well, I think we've found its secret: It's just sampling what's out there in the computational universe and quite often getting things like Rule 30 or like this.
Madness is something rare in individuals — but in groups, parties, peoples, ages it is the rule.
It has refinements, technological advances and a more sophisticated approach to the destruction of human freedom, but like every one of the superstates that preceded it, it has one iron rule:
(2) Where such a request is made by the proprietor, Rule 26 shall apply mutatis mutandis.
Well, a long time ago I made me a rule.
My sister says Victoria won't sign the order for her Regency.
Under the regency of Isabella the Catholic (1474-1504), Castilla united what today are the autonomous regions of Cantabria, Rioja, Castilla-Leon, Estremadura, Murcia, Andalusia, Madrid and Castilla-
To assume the responsibilities and duties of the regency...
The Kaiser will go, I'll grant you... and maybe the Crown Prince too, but there'll be a Regency. Mark my words.
Just enough... to dispense with any thought of a Regency,... .. so that I may pass the Royal Authority directly to that young lady.
Someone is ascending to the regency, the witch who was once inhabited by Finn Mikaelson.
So the regency will be as I have just outlined.
The Cabinet of Ministers, represented by Count Törring here is offering me the regency of Bavaria in case it becomes necessary to make our King Ludwig II abdicate.
I'm gonna take back the regency, Marcel, but you ain't gonna like what I'm gonna do with it.
Let's leave for Africa, for the Regency of Algiers over which the French flag now flies.
Show of hands-- all those opposed to Leonard and his reign of tyranny.
When they write the history of my reign, sweet sister, they will say it began today.
What have I done during my reign to make you want me to continue?
The greatest shocks ever felt by this island fell upon us in his reign.
But have you considered what happens following the reign of King Cyrus?
Her Reign was called "The Golden Age".
The reign of the gangster Mickey Cohen in Los Angeles is at an end.
Okay Nelson, your pagent reign is not the priority here.
Because during the course of his reign, 23 of those Royal Tasters died... thanks to poison meant for him.
And for whose wise guidance, during the early years of my reign, I shall always be so profoundly grateful.
A study in Florida just a few years ago found that if you're sitting where this photograph was taken in the classroom, row four, speech intelligibility is just 50 percent.
The people in the front row looked up at him, showing such tension on their faces that he looked back down at them for some time.
There was a row of about 20 stalls at the fair.
There's actually a gentleman in the front row who's doing a perfect imitation of her look.
The Place since morning had been blocked by a row of carts, which, on end and their shafts in the air, spread all along the line of houses from the church to the inn.
I noticed that she sat in the front row.
And I give you a diamonds, so they -- so you put them here, in a nice row, right. And you can see, yeah? Good.
She went up the large straight staircase with wooden balusters that led to the corridor paved with dusty flags, into which several doors in a row opened, as in a monastery or an inn.
A mirror is better than an entire row of ancestral portraits.
In the event of on-line consultation, the hardware and software must be designed in such a way that the consultation takes place within the limits of the authorization granted by the controller of the file.
A woman was raped and presented with a series of photographs from which to identify her attacker.
It was then, as it is to−day, an irregular trapezoid, bordered on one side by the quay, and on the other three by a series of lofty, narrow, and gloomy houses.
Modern harps have a series of pedals that enable the performer to tune the instrument to any diatonic scale.
Alright, now I'm going to reduce all of this to a series of simple dumb sketches.
This was a lofty, mystical religion connected with a series of beautiful thoughts and feelings, which it was not only possible to believe because one was told to, but even to love.
In the kickoff article of this series, I defined some fundamental concepts we can use when talking about plugins.
It's the lift, it's a series of buttons in the lift.
After the series of fatal shocks which had overturned everything within her, she had found but one thing intact in her soul, one sentiment,−−her love for the captain.
A piece of railway in use today is therefore the product of a long series of decisions reached on many different grounds, at different times.
We have been struggling for a while... with a series of strange, unsolved crimes.
The first way is that they're actually able to resolve small detail in the context of clutter, and though that means being able to read the fine print on a prescription rather than using magnifier glasses, you can actually do it with just your eyesight.
Let me write you a prescription for some medicine.
And their policy prescription is to make government more accountable, focus on the capital markets, invest, don't give anything away.
You know that prescription Dr Jekyll made up for you?
Possible to run a prescription down on it if we can reconstruct it.
Where products are prescribed on a 'repeat' basis and obtained within six months of the date of issue of the prescription, reimbursement shall again be at the rate of 85%.
You give him this for a prescription... and you'll be all right.
Mr Simmonds (ED), deputy rapporteur. — I do not think that under paragraph 7 I have to have a prescription for the application of sticking plasters to my cows.
- Oui, and the servant Francois brings to you this prescription once a month?
The manufacturers, Roussel-Uclaf are reportedly seeking permission for it to be sold on prescription in chemists' shops.
You cannot copyright a recipe because it's a set of instructions, it's fact, and you cannot copyright the look and feel of even the most unique dish.
Emma, in fact, was showing herself more docile, and even carried her deference so far as to ask for a recipe for pickling gherkins.
I want the recipe for this. It's delicious.
And so if you change the recipe, and you add things when you pour -- so you add things to your liquid silk solution -- where these things are enzymes or antibodies or vaccines, the self-assembly process preserves the biological function of these dopants.
Did you add a tablespoon of salt? The recipe called for just a teaspoon!
Or the recipe for the ultimate jaw-dropping TEDTalk: "Flickr photos of intergalactic classical composer."
You formulate a recipe based upon the factors you can control, whether it be the skills or the fertilizer or the plant choice.
- For the last time Druid... give me the recipe or I'll have your friend tortured.
NORDMANN (LDR). — (FR) Mr President, you will be familiar with the famous recipe for lark pâté containing horse meat, which is claimed to be evenly balanced because it contains a horse and a lark in equal quantities.
To steal the recipe for Wong and sell it back to him.
So, I said, OK, this proves my theory about learned paralysis and the critical role of visual input, but I'm not going to get a Nobel Prize for getting somebody to move his phantom limb.
The role Vronsky had chosen, with their removal to the palazzo, was quite successful; and having through Golenishchev made the acquaintance of several interesting persons, he felt tranquil for a time.
His ambition is to play the part of Hamlet.
This building contains the world's largest collection of documents and artifacts commemorating the U.S. role in fighting on the Chinese side in that long war -- the Flying Tigers.
There was another good part, that of the king of Mesopotamia; but through so many interruptions, it was difficult to make out what end he served.
I trust that China will go on to take a more active part.
If you look at other East Asian countries, women there play a hugely important role in terms of economic take-off -- in terms of creating the manufacturing miracle associated with East Asia.
She knew that if that letter were shown to him he, continuing his magnanimous role, would not refuse her request.
The true art of acting is to conceal from the audience that which is part of the role and that which comes from you personally.
And Whale thought of him for the role of Dr Pretorius in Bride of Frankenstein, but we know that Ernest Thesiger played that part.
I took the liberty of borrowing a few feet of rope off of that coil in the lean-to.
Material in each coil not containing or exhibiting such defects is called standard grade tinplate.
Get the hatchet and the ax and a coil of rope.
The acceptance unit consists of each coil or bundle of sheets, provided that its mass is equal to or greater than 3 000 kg.
— quality description number, — coating designation, — manufacturer's order number, — ordered dimensions, — lot number and mass, all written on a label attached to each coil or bundle.
Residual curvature is permanent curvature of the sheet in the direction of rolling present in the coil in the delivery condition.
These appearances shall not apply to the first inner and outer laps of the coil or to lengths cut from them.
In the case of strip, retests on a rejected coil should be carried out after the cutting of an additional longitudinal section (maximum 20 m).
Note: The proportion of each coil conforming to the standard grade is expected to be more than 85%.
A cut length is a rectangular flat product less than 600 mm in width, obtained by cutting up a slit coil or a sheet.
They'll keep forgetting anniversaries and arguing about where to spend holidays and debating which way the toilet paper should come off of the roll.
How many men does it take to replace an empty toilet roll? No one knows, it's never happened.
But if you can cross-reference this with the other data, then you're basically replaying the roll of the FBI agent and putting it all together.
Various methods have been used to do this among the more popular being segmented billy rolls in which the roll is divided several times across the width and the load on each segment measured.
With today it's 16. Then there's the rod and reel.
Thanks to the new ISP (Inline Strip Production) process developed by Arvedi, the production of a 25metre roll of strip steel 1.5 millimetres thick takes just 15 minutes in a system measuring only 175 metres in length.
Now, there is in existence a reel of recording wire with details of a chemical warfare project being developed for use against the free world.
However, in that brief period of time before being discovered he managed to hide the reel so ingeniously that the secret police, with every resource at their disposal, have still not been able to find it, despite the limited area they had to search.
The pupils experience roll of reachers — rhey teach seniors to use computet and to sutf the Net.
Your mission, Mr Briggs, should you accept it, would be to find the reel and bring it out of the country.
If you actually insulate and isolate the machinery of the ship from the hull, you can reduce that noise by 99 percent.
In fact, the hull of the canoe is the womb of the vessel.
We took all that down, and we found beautiful wooden floors, whitewashed beams and it had the look -- while we were renovating this place, somebody said, "You know, it really kind of looks like the hull of a ship."
When Western scientists would join Mau on the canoe and watch him go into the hull, it appeared that an old man was going to rest.
A fish will move because -- by changing like this, but our boat is propelled by the wind still, and the hull controls the trajectory.
Now, gentlemen, I suggest we move outside to make a further examination of the hull in the event we've overlooked any minor damage.
It was introduced accidentally in the 1940s, probably by a few specimens that were detached from the hull of a vessel coming from their native waters, namely theYellow Sea, East China Sea or Sea of Japan.
It came in at a 45-degree angle to the hull, sliced through two propulsion systems.
I think it's going to eat through the goddamn hull.
The hull's intact, but there's no gravity, and thermal units are off-line.
And here is actually the spinal column and the whole torso encased in a sandstone block, because she was buried by a river.
A woman lying in a bathtub. Head severed from her body.
The hand ling task required complex twisting and turning of the body and trunk.
It's now possible to keep an animal's head alive, separated from the rest of its body.
To evaluate canonical problems more complex than those considered for use in software validation and in the experimental assessment of exposure in order to obtain a more complete evaluation of fields inside the human body, especially the head and torso.
"The members "are an annex to the torso "and there are two types:
Local peak in the head and trunk (W (0,1 kg)"')
He is but limbs, dangling from a skewered trunk.
— an unpadded lower part, made to represent the animal's torso, forming a bag to contain pyjamas and incorporating a side opening without a fastener.
"However, a bite to the face or torso can bring death from paralysis within 20 minutes."
Tom introduced himself to the the people behind the counter.
All we have is a little man who stands behind a counter and he gives people money if they've had to pay for transport.
A2.1) at the moment when the first cut is made; this measurement is stored in a counter : any second cut will make the counter move on by the same cropped quantity BC1.
Sir, I'm going to need you to back up from the counter. What for?
If, exceptionally, organisations do not check banknotes using banknote handling machines, they are required to carry out manual authenticity and fitness checks before putting them back into circulation over the counter .
I gave this girl behind the counter a set of shower curtain rings.
New technology is making itself felt on both sides of the counter.
Could the passengers on this flight please make their way to the British European Airways counter to pick up their meal vouchers.
Counter terminals had been recently introduced at this bank.
Well, they just want me to stand at a counter and when the sketch starts, I go out.
So if you affix some wires and switches to those tiles -- rather than to the staple strands, you affix them to the tiles -- then they'll self-assemble the somewhat complicated circuits, the demultiplexer circuits, that you need to address this memory.
He flipped the switch and threw the room into brightness.
Here are some fun images. Here's Burt Rutan and my good friend Greg Meronek inside a zero gravity -- people think a zero gravity room, there's a switch on there that turns it off -- but it's actually parabolic flight of an airplane.
Instead, he worked a switch that controlled his computer.
I can't turn it on, because the switch is broken.
And when you turn the switch on, the light goes on.
I wouldn't use a washing machine whose switch isn't completely in order.
But if I turn the switch and establish contact, the bulb will draw power from the powerhouse and it'll do what it was meant to do, which is to make light.
— Switches from 63 A up to 1 000 A, threeor four-pole, double breaking
So was the racetrack the supermarket and the switch on Nelson's cars.
You know, I gotta ask, why didn't you just get a license at 16 like everybody else?
I want you to take out a license for a pushcart... in the name of Marie Charlet.
You know, I'm an aviator myself, so when you get that license and you go back to St. Louis, you have to promise me that you won't try flying under the arch, okay?
Even though Neal doesn't have his license, we do have...
Well, I presume he has a license for this one as well...
You know, Miss Buckman, you need a license to buy a dog or drive a car.
Uh, it looks like you left your dry cleaning ticket for me. Yes.
Now go ahead and write my ticket so I can tip on out.
They're probably blackmailing this girl, saying, "You stole the ticket and we're going to expose you."
Here's the ticket and there's the two dollars to get your suit.
And even though that ticket won a million dollars...
And I know horse players. They never lose a ticket and they never throw one away...
If you lose the ticket I cannot give you back the money.
He must have bought the ticket right before he died.
If you don't give us our money we won't give you the ticket!
And the ticket's in it. That's the only place it could be.
What is completely lacking is a class of people who have immense amounts of power, but no money at all.
He attracted Levin by his good education, his splendid accent in French and English, and by the fact that he belonged to Levin's own class.
All high class members names are kept secret of course.
As these groupings were realised for each of the defined stratum — i.e. for each of the defined sectors and employment size classes — they allow determining different enterprise micro-groups which performed rather better or worse than the sector considered as a whole.
Because when you're born into a certain class, there's only one kind of person you're supposed to marry... someone exactly the same as you.
This sample design is efficient only if the spatial autocorrelation between farms in a stratum is very high.
There comes a time when my abjection of pigs, whose bellies can hold an entire social class, is purified by regret of the past.
This takes place in August and at this stage the correspondent is required to visit 20% of the holdings in each stratum.
There's a ceiling for certain types of people based on How much money your parents have, Your social class, your religion, your sex.
Another way is to keep only the largest piece of the segment in one stratum and discarding all other pieces.
It's a film that you can look through.
And you can see, off a tiny film, incredible clarity.
I'm much older than Eva. I felt as if a gray film were settling over life.
When Erik drowned, that gray film got even grayer.
Maybe after wiping away the thick, grimy film of Facebook friend requests and Vine stars we can all see the light of day.
The other horses, also alarmed, splashed through the water with their hobbled feet, making a sound of slapping as they drew their hoofs out of the thick clayey mud, and began floundering their way out of the marsh.
And yet, two hours later you find yourself standing on the roof of this monastery, smeared with mud, blood and sweat.
It's a lot of water-based materials like concrete, water-based paint, mud, and also some refined oils as well.
And before, there was this soup, called "soupe primordiale," this first soup -- bloop bloop bloop -- sort of dirty mud, no life, nothing.
Never mind that. Listen to me. The runway at the north end of the field is mud and water.
It was under a wagon. Six inches of mud.
Less water is needed with pebbly ore than with marly ore : on the one hand comparatively less dust occurs during drilling in pebbly ore, and on the other hand this turns into mud which may easily jam the column in the borehole.
And dance the straw into the mud, you dogs.
It had the advantage of quietness a factor contributing to the safety of the workers and that the hole reactions did not give rise to dust, although it did produce large quantities of mud, which caused some problems.
Oh, dear, there's mud on the skirt.
If we look around us, much of what surrounds us started life as various rocks and sludge buried in the ground in various places in the world.
But these haze particles, it was surmised, before we got there with Cassini, over billions and billions of years, gently drifted down to the surface and coated the surface in a thick organic sludge.
It can wash the sludge off high mountain peaks and hills, down into the lowlands. So stop and think for a minute.
Walpole gave him the big waste contract and looked the other way while they dumped the sludge in the mines.
Uh, says the EPA was trying to reinforce the dam, and they screwed up and... they spilled a couple million gallons of poisonous sludge in the river.
— Transfer of pollutants to plants and harmful effect on vegetation — Effects of long range sludge application on soil quality and ground
Beware of his bone grinders, brain bIinders, flesh peeIers, chromosomal inverters, catatonic sludge, black hole trapdoors, and, of course, radiation.
Anthracene falling in this subheading is usually in the form of a sludge or paste generally containing phenanthrene, carbazole and other aromatic constituents.
Who, besides us, would dig this deep into this kind of sludge?
And in this respect we are not in principle opposed to the optimal and beneficial use of sludge, waste and so on in sectors where this is possible, including agriculture.
Japanese and British people usually wait at a bus stop in a queue.
But this is why, you know, they're not in the queue behind you at the grocery store or the ATM -- you know, they don't do this stuff.
We decided to provide vasectomy to all men, but in particular, American men to the front of the queue, right up to the Ambassador's residence during his [unclear].
We couldn't afford to hire a CFO. We put out a job description for a CFO at zero salary, and we had a queue of people.
This shop is so near to yours... but look at the queue.
In addition, the veterinary service arranged for vehicles carrying live animals and perishable foodstuffs to jump the queue, and for animals to be given water and veterinary attention, and to proceed with the minimum delay.
Unless we have urgent debate, this matter will go to the end of the queue of motions for the Political Affairs Committee as did the one on Pakistan, which after three months still has not been considered by that committee.
The sacrifice is a herd of children, about 500 boys and girls stretching in a long queue across the plain of Argos.
WAWRZIK (PPE). — (DE) Mr President, I too have just been standing in the queue.
On my way to work, there was this crowd in a queue.
This male snake, 12 feet long, met another male king cobra.
"The mystery, and to the devil with the Flemings!" he exclaimed at the full force of his lungs, twining like a serpent around his pillar.
"Where's your snake?" "Oh, I don't know. I haven't seen him for a few days. I think he's hiding somewhere."
And so all of a sudden, a poem appeared in the papers in Baghdad comparing me to many things, but among them an "unparalleled serpent."
It had the head of a woman, the body of a lion, the wings of a bird, and the tail of a serpent.
So you open the box and you think, "Whoa, there's a snake in there."
It is the mode of expression of humanity which is totally renewed; it is human thought stripping off one form and donning another; it is the complete and definitive change of skin of that symbolical serpent which since the days of Adam has represented intelligence.
In the cemetery, there is a statue of a snake biting its own tail.
Sloth, giraffe, elephant, snake. Okay, let's see what we got.
Well, that there's a deadly... and poisonous snake... inside of the cage.
Now one day in 1772, the prince decreed that the musicians' families, the orchestral musicians' families, were no longer welcome in the castle.
There used to be a great castle on that hill.
This purchase included mining and hunting rights, ownership of all land on the island, and a castle with no furniture included.
Nagoya is a city which is famous for its castle.
This is a Scottish castle where people are playing golf indoors, and the trick was to bang the golf ball off of suits of armor -- which you can't see there.
This is the castle which we visited last week.
Seen from a distance, the big rock looks like an old castle.
Here, this pretty castle and everything you inherited.
This is especially the case on Fyn Island in Denmark, where one small estate, Broholm Gods, is now offering visitors a chance to experience its stunning castle and surroundings.
When I was a little girl, I always wanted to see what a great chateau would look like inside.
Maybe they could afford a lock for the door and feel secure.
Tom put the key in the lock and paused a moment before he turned it.
Once they're fully deployed, there's a mechanical lock that goes into place, again, from inside the cockpit.
The door will not open; lock must be out of order.
Tom put the key in the lock and paused a moment before he turned it.
Well, if the lock is broken, yes.
He didn't like the looks of things, so he changed the lock on the door.
In it, behind the oak doors with a large lock, hidden dangerous sword.
I had just discovered that the lock was broken, sir.
Now, you both wind up in the hospital. Is that cheaper than buying a new lock?
Women aren’t micro--so why do they only get micro-loans? At TEDxWomen reporter Gayle Tzemach Lemmon argues that women running all types of firms-- from home businesses to major factories-- are the overlooked key to economic development.
Steps came running along the outer passage; the key turned, Bessie and Abbot entered.
The key to producing correct sentences is remembering correct examples.
Jimmy, you mentioned impartiality being a key to Wikipedia's success.
Emma had on purpose taken away the key of the gate, which Charles thought lost.
He put the key on the desk as usual.
"The key! the one for upstairs where he keeps the—"
I broke down the door because I lost the key.
I found a little money in my pocket and this key.
However, careful balancing of the hiring of internal staff against obtaining externalsupport will be the key to delivering a smooth working organisation during this time.
Owen Barts kills Hank Gerrard with this wrench, but he doesn't dispose of it in some place we aren't gonna find it.
If you submit to my questions... I'll submit to a blow from this wrench.
There's no way could he have grasped and swung the heavy wrench used to kill Hank Gerrard.
Least I think it was the wrench I was after. But now I'm up here and I can't remember why.
I get why you think the wrench was planted, but what makes you think Barts is dead?
I got a wrench that'll fit, but I think you'll need a new float on the carburetor after I get the bowl off.
The SOB had been on my back for a week at work saying I stole his wrench and poured oil all over his tools.
So what I'll have to do is mould a special wrench driver for this one.
My whole right side was ripped open, filled with gravel.
Once the shouting is over, then we track her down, Bring her back in, scrape gravel.
Paver-finisher means a mobile road construction machine used for the ¡impose of applying layers of construction material, such as bituminous mix. concrete and gravel on surfaces.
The entire lawn was covered with dirt and gravel so that any remaining forensic evidence was literally covered up.
When you hit the gravel, drop to 40.
Madame Mallory has thrown this gravel right in the middle of the road, which is a public road against the law.
If only we had some coal, or gravel, or tin.
But now the only thing I 'arrange' is the gravel I myself have crushed to lay a road with.
Put something under the car like this with a little gravel and sticks.
And you, my friend, are hereby notified we are currently accepting bids to supply the gravel.
This guy isn't yelling, "Show me the money!"
"Show me the money!" Have you seen Jerry Maguire?
"Hey, Ibis, show us the money."
He could probably bring some real money to the table, so let's take this shit serious.
Well, since we're quoting Jerry Maguire, all I want is for you to show me the money.
- No, not you, show me the money.
Fifty percent of $4 billion is a lot of fucking money.
If I gotta ride your ass, you gonna show me the money.
I cannot forbid a person to marry several wives, for it does not contradict Scripture.
He has till now been the apple of your eye; but if thine eye offend you, says Scripture, pluck it out. It is better to enter heaven with one eye than hell with two!
The great Rabbi Meir said that any interpretation of Scripture which led to hatred and disdain, or contempt of other people -- any people whatsoever -- was illegitimate.
The convent evokes the image of helpless women, fearful of the thought of any emotion other than those derived from scripture and prayer.
I was going to quote scripture as well as Mr Collins and say 'I will lift my eyes up to the mountains from which comes my redemption'.
"Read through the lines like a scripture, frame the picture
Deciphering the script is not just an intellectual puzzle; it's actually become a question that's become deeply intertwined with the politics and the cultural history of South Asia.
And our goal was to try to humanize them a bit, and what I did was add type and people to the ad, which the previous campaign had not had, and nobody remembered them, and nobody referenced them.
"Tom, do you know what kind of writing this is?" "Probably Tibetan, but I can't read a bit of it."
We began, perhaps 5,000 years ago, with writing.
In fact, the script has become a battleground of sorts between three different groups of people.
Bin A, if it's returnable, which it never is, cos if Whispering Wendy can't decipher the writing...
- "Tell me who's that a writing - "John the Revelator
It's something...something he wanted to draw for he has forgotten writing.
It's not just the writing on the wall. It's the pimp. THE PIMP!
I was a heartbeat away from giving an appendix patient a crotch lobotomy.
— Knitted cotton, lightweight sleeveless garment with narrow shoulder straps, covering the trunk, elasticated at the waist with press-stud fastening at the crotch (a)
So I turn around. Then, of course, my crotch is right in his face.
I figured it'd be okay because you've got a big ink stain on the crotch.
But when I was 7, we headed over to the crotch.
And it rides up in the crotch a little bit too.
I love it this way... my feet against the tar, which is soft from the spring heat, the slight breeze that runs across your entire body, especially your crotch.
I think we bonded just fine around 3:10 this morning when your knee was in my crotch.
Shouldn't we give her the benefit of the doubt before we snoop around her crotch?
And I spread my legs. Cock and crotch takes four times. Altogether it's seven.
So here, we're taking the extra step of also broadcasting it.
The tall, light−haired young man retreated a step; but the two curious maidens had no mind to let slip their prize.
Even the longest journey begins with a single step.
William Li presents a new way to think about treating cancer and other diseases: anti-angiogenesis, preventing the growth of blood vessels that feed a tumor. The crucial first step: Eating cancer-fighting foods that cut off the supply lines and beat cancer at its own game.
His foot once within the asylum, the criminal was sacred; but he must beware of leaving it; one step outside the sanctuary, and he fell back into the flood.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.
It has a lot of disadvantages: each one of these steps is extremely expensive, it's potentially dangerous and they have the interesting property that the step cannot be performed in anyone's backyard, which is a problem.
Gringoire did not take to flight, but neither did he advance another step.
Even the longest journey begins with a single step.
Cheer them both, for even though They're slightly out of step
"Zp11 contains zinc pyrithione to effectively destroy dandruff.
For example, this morning, I was calculating the random motion of virtual particles in a vacuum, when suddenly the particles morphed into an image of Amy's dandruff gently cascading down onto her pale, slightly hunched shoulders.
Bunch of crazy Budinskys with dandruff on their shoulders and holes in their pants.
Found out my arthritis disappeared. My constipation disappeared. My dandruff disappeared.
What are you really worrying about? Aside from the floor having dandruff?
Remember that time I had that bad case of dandruff in '83?
Uh, he's tall, looks like he has a little bit of dandruff and he's wearing cowboy boots. - He's wearing what? FRANCINE:
Don't make your knight feel your dandruff on his mouth.
Fuck the black-hatted Hasidim, strolling down 47th Street in their dirty gabardine with their dandruff, selling South African apartheid diamonds.
It irritates and gives me dandruff but it washes.
Now, the one time I was in the shed, and my mother suspected something, thinking I was at school.
Well, that very night he rolled off'n a shed wher' he was a layin drunk, and broke his arm."
"There is one yonder, under the shed of the Pillar−House," replied the man. "Is it on this justice that the thing is to be done?" he added, pointing to the stone gibbet.
So we grew up believing no one would ever fall in love with us, that we'd be lonely forever, that we'd never meet someone to make us feel like the sun was something they built for us in their toolshed.
Rennet Cousin went in search of the chest of tools for the night man, under the shed of the Pillar−House.
So when my mother used to take me to school, she thought I was at school, and I used to do a U-turn, when her back was turned, and run off and hide in the shed at the back of the garden.
The family had a small shed on the side of the house, so I said, "Could I sleep in my sleeping bag in the evenings?"
At the end of my first year in school, in the summer of that year, I discovered a couple hummingbirds that were caught in a shed near my home.
"He's spent this whole day in the toolshed."
It is then tipped in heaps next to the plant, either in the open air, or in a shed when climatic conditions are poor.
If they ever touch a dick then only with kid gloves.
You were sucking his cock, weren't you?
But you can't say: "He has a big cock.
I don't want him coming out with just his dick.
Napoleon had a cock like this, you've seen the paintings?
It's been months since we got a sniff of a cock.
- Like you have a cock between your legs!
What if I got your dick stuck in these?
That all that matters to them: the cock!
Just raise your arms, and straight to the cock.
Biologist Robert Full studies the amazing gecko, with its supersticky feet and tenacious climbing skill. But high-speed footage reveals that the gecko's tail harbors perhaps the most surprising talents of all.
Alice looked at the jury-box, and saw that, in her haste, she had put the Lizard in head downwards, and the poor little thing was waving its tail about in a melancholy way, being quite unable to move.
Be careful not to step on the dog's tail.
It has a tail. And just when you think you've figured out nature, this kind of thing happens.
He spied the beetle; the drooping tail lifted and wagged.
Be careful not to step on the dog's tail.
They said, "Well, it kind of looks like a tail."
This name of Phoebus reached the ears of the archdeacon at the moment when he was explaining to the king's procurator the dragon which is hiding its tail in a bath, from which issue smoke and the head of a king.
In the cemetery, there is a statue of a snake biting its own tail.
He then pounds the water with his tail near to the female who waits with patient lust on the ocean's surface.
We believe it's between here and the cluster.
Magnetic analysis confirms the Vico was definitely attacked inside the Black Cluster.
But what would the Breen be doing inside the Black Cluster?
The cluster is two-dimensional, so I do not have enough direct evidence.
If Counsellor Troi's theory is correct, a replica of the string projected behind the cluster could make them change course, disrupting them long enough for us to escape.
The Black Cluster was formed nine billion years ago when hundreds of protostars collapsed in close proximity.
Mr. Data, try to isolate any signal patterns from the cluster.
Two days ago, Starbase 514 lost contact with the research vessel Vico which was sent to explore the Black Cluster.
Lucinda was just a crush, but I moved on.
You see, I'm his first crush, his first love, - and his first...
I had a huge crush on the karate kid when I was a teenager.
Well, our son has a crush and our daughter just filled out her first W-2.
Aw, sorry that secret crush didn't work out for you.
If I can guess your crush, you have to tell me, okay?
I'm gonna go invite Brendon to come. You gotta have a crush on spring break.
Why won't you tell me who your secret crush was?
We got a locker combination, we have a teacher's name, and we have a crush.
Oh, my God, my secret crush is here.
That was actually caused by a school of parrot fish that had started eating it, though luckily, they lost interest before killing it.
A really smart kid is exactly the kind of quality meal a humongous school of sharks is looking for when they're circling a boat.
- Why do you want to chase a school of fish?
He won best smile in his school. Get it?
You know, I've seen a school of sharks tear a boat to pieces like it was made of cardboard, because some kid threw a band-aid in the water.
Just in case a school of pompano declares war on us.
This is not the Israel-Loves-Iran. This is not my page.
He spent all day reading the same page, running his finger along the lines.
The teacher omitted the exercise on page 21 of the book.
Who knows? The New York TimesSelect, the op-ed page, asked me to do a column, and they said, you can do whatever you want.
It may be remarked, in passing, that the number of compositions in which the word "beauteous" was over-fondled, and human experience referred to as "life's page," was up to the usual average.
Look at the picture at the top of the page.
So we take the bold step of putting the cholesterol information on the same page, which is the way the doctor is going to evaluate it.
And this is so true, that not only every religious symbol, but every human thought, has its page and its monument in that immense book.
Let's begin with the fifth line on page 10.
When I was out... ... itwasalltheretoread on the front page.
But he has huge teeth on one side of his mouth.
She has laid it carefully on one side for you.
And just think, you're on the other side of the world.
There were so many times when I thought I'd hit that limit, but had no choice but to just carry on and try and figure out how I was going to get to the other side without driving myself crazy.
She made such a report of me to her father, that Mr. Oliver himself accompanied her next evening--a tall, massive-featured, middle-aged, and grey-headed man, at whose side his lovely daughter looked like a bright flower near a hoary turret.
Tatoeba: Join the dark side. We have chocolate cookies.
This is the only way for you to step into the dark side, and have a look at it.
Then appeared the magnificent figure of Miss Ingram, clad in white, a long veil on her head, and a wreath of roses round her brow; by her side walked Mr. Rochester, and together they drew near the table.
Tatoeba: Join the dark side. We have chocolate cookies.
She said, "On the other side of the fence."
As well as intensifying the programme to run two seminars in 1994, the Foundation re-designed the format and content in the light of the rapidly changing situation in Eastern Europe and the growing level of understanding of market
During 1997 the Committee organised a series of seminars designed to pinpoint specific regional and local problems.
Seminars were arranged and contracts for re search projects were placed and, already, results have provided useful, practical pointers to the successful use of early calving in farm practice.
Three of these seminars were organised in cooperation with the European Commission and four in cooperation with EU NCBs.
Seminars on "European Information Resources" are organised by this office twice a year in cooperation with the Commission's office in Spain.
It was suggested that the seminars should involve about 70 people covering all key decision makers, including representatives of the European Commission, the social partners and academics.
The seminars, which will run in parallel to the conference, will involve the demonstration of the latest training techniques and technologies, and will take the form of real training sessions.
The largest of these seminars took place on 30 November 2005 in Saue.
4. weak points were observed in planning, preparaxion, running and results assessment. the special seminars for safety instructors which had already started were continued and worksheets were prepared for them.
One talking point at the network’s seminars is the definition of “apprentice”, which varies greatly from one country to another.
Before we this, should we remember, what the records from the seminary has taught us, ok?
Every parish had to provide at least one school and employ one teacher trained at a seminary.
It's an Episcopalian ordination, my seminary's very progressive, and the bishop--
That's not the way they teach it at the seminary.
It's transparent. A certain amount of certainty gives the sense of a non-zero outcome.
We've surrendered our power, trading off our discomfort with uncertainty for the illusion of certainty that they provide.
How can we go through the ice of certainty in order to make the most incredible a possible thing?
His sister just shrugged her shoulders as a sign of the helplessness and tears that had taken hold of her, displacing her earlier certainty.
That is, whether you care about security, search and rescue or health, we must preserve nature's designs, otherwise these secrets will be lost forever.
I will tell you as much of the history of the wanderer you have harboured, as I can tell without compromising my own peace of mind--my own security, moral and physical, and that of others.
Much attention was paid to the safety of the passengers.
And this is not an idealized version. These are working models that at least in some places in the United States are being implemented, at least for public security.
The difficulties they have in acquiring it rise in part from the new rules and methods which they are forced to introduce to establish their government and its security.
Informed of their safety, the premier breathed a sigh of relief.
That rabbit will make a security trade-off: "Should I stay, or should I flee?"
Those may be called properly used, if of evil it is possible to speak well, that are applied at one blow and are necessary to one's security, and that are not persisted in afterwards unless they can be turned to the advantage of the subjects.
Fear for his brother's safety, brought Comte de Chagny to the Opera house that night.
A related concern is the rising number of serious accidents at work, which have persuaded the country to put more resources into health and safety.
Next time, do it in briefs. It's even better.
"I visited a museum in my briefs."
It never crossed your mind to put on briefs?
And I'm nevergoing to wear briefs again. They've crushed my balls!
A ruling of 15 January of the European Court of Justice repealed a 1994 European regulation which classified separately, within the EU Customs Tariff, the two parts of a set of clothes consisting of a bra and knickers.
Can you ask your friend why she's not wearing any underwear?
My brother paid a buck to see your underwear.
- He still thinks it's her real panties?
If you'd have dropped your panties, you might have got a cast-iron stove.
Wiggle your ass slowly as you pull down your panties.
And lick your belly in circles further and further down, and then pull your panties off with my teeth.
Not many girls in contemporary American society today would give their underwear to help a geek like me.
And then you have to ask who I assume is one of your many girlfriends if she's wearing her panties, as loud as you can!
I buy the panties, I rumple them, I come back.
Every beat of your heart depends on this crucial region, the sinoatrial node, which has about 10,000 independent cells that would each beep, have an electrical rhythm -- a voltage up and down -- to send a signal to the ventricles to pump.
Submitting to her mood, he felt in his whole being an ever-increasing stress of joy.
We add them together, doubling the coefficients... of the silver half equation but not the voltage.
31.50.13 Filament lamps of a power < 200 Wand for a voltage > 100 V n.e.c 31.50.14 Filament lamps n.e.c
Now, to step up the voltage until the ultrasonic bombardment causes permanent dislocation.
31.20.22 Automatic circuit breakers, for a voltage < 1 000 V 46212.2
That's not so amusing, huh? The perimeter wire and the gates will carry enough voltage to electrocute anyone who touches it.
The percentage permanent set elongation is the variation in the gauge length of the test piece after application then removal of a specified stress (see 3.5.3); this increase is expressed as a percentage of the original gauge length.
Should we pull the flux rods to boost voltage?
) is the length of the t moment when the first actual fall in stress is observed (see figure 1).
And it only embodies all these stories and all this suspense because of the darkness and the light.
I think that there is a lot of suspense in this painting.
so let's just sit back and enjoy the suspense.
However, it was in Germany that the suspense lasted longest and Germany was the last country to deposit its instrument of ratification.
The man and Hastings, they like so much suspense that I did not hold out to end this case, with a spectacular end.
Life's a monkey dramatised science and added a note of suspense to the latest research by setting it against a background of political intrigue and hightech crime.
So, Mike, the suspense is killing us.
You keep me in suspense... when are you going to get some sense?
Suspense with the king of magic, Professor Marcy.
You will permit me, my dear Chief-Inspector one moment longer of the suspense?
When I look for something in our loft, I never come back empty-handed, but not with the thing I had hoped to find.
I am not waiting for some handyman to check out the attic and I'm certainly not waiting until tomorrow.
Sleep well? He sat up all night in the loft listening to the wireless.
Mrs. Sors, when they start to move, get up to the attic.
The attic was cool - arched roof, tin ceiling that made noise in the rain.
I got it out of the attic. I'm gonna show some of my home movies.
Was not there a door codeere leading to the loft?
Why can't he have his dungeon in the attic, where there's plenty of light?
I'll put it in my cupboard in the attic, and God have mercy upon the one who touches it!
And that other idiot who lives locked up in that attic. You crossed him, too.
So if you affix some wires and switches to those tiles -- rather than to the staple strands, you affix them to the tiles -- then they'll self-assemble the somewhat complicated circuits, the demultiplexer circuits, that you need to address this memory.
Pages are usually at least 4 KiB (4×1024 bytes) in size, and systems with large virtual address ranges or large amounts of real memory generally use larger page sizes.
He had installed the heavy equipment for his new process in an abandoned store in the vicinity of Kings Mountain, and for two months these 16 men would live and work together, mastering the new process.
My first computer had only 128 kilobytes of memory!
He had to focus the memory -- seems OK.
That's an engineer gazing at tube number 36, trying to figure out why the memory's not in focus.
The tones are erased from the Key's memory.
At data-acquisition workstations information is transferred from paper documents via a keyboard into the computer system's store.
You think we can merge with this memory, Bit? Yes.
Text, voice, graphics, audio, video, or any multimedia combination thereof, represented in analogue or digital format on a variety of media (e.g. paper, microfilm, magnetic or optical storage).
People think it's killing that I like, but murder's just an act.
The amendment is an irresponsible act on the part of the PPE, except for its Spanish and Portuguese Members, who will be voting against it. For that reason we reject the report.
The trouble was she couldn't put on her act anymore in Auriol... because they wised up.
Oh, cut the big sister act, Alex.
Did the reverend's wife start to see through your act too?
I don't know if Mick's gone into hiding because he's performing a solo act of daring somewhere or because he's chicken.
Delaney found out about it and wanted to get in on the act. So he stole 30 kilos of heroin from a leaky property room and sold them on to Gatehouse. And when Customs got them, they gave them back to you.
And this image is, for humans, the beginning point of play.
Tickets for today's game sold like hot cakes.
These people, many of whom have lived in North Oxford, have argued -- they've argued that believing in God is akin to believing in fairies and essentially that the whole thing is a childish game.
But that evening during the game she resolved to leave next day.
That was an exciting game. Everybody was excited.
And other studies of populations at risk sensitized me to the importance of play, but I didn't really understand what it was.
This shadow play slowly surrounded the head like a decoration or lofty distinction.
Beside you, I'm only a beginner at this game.
Now, let's see, where does this game begin?
The people of Central America pay for this strategic game in the backyard of the USA with their lives.
They're going to survive as long as our species survives on what Shakespeare called "this mortal coil."
Yeah, well, it's just hard, because, if I get the coil, it'll probably stop the sore tits, because it'll be stopping my periods.
Right. I thought about getting the coil, but, you know,
Our patented vector-thrust coil gives the Zero-One Versatran the ability to sustain normal flight in the event of a catastrophic multi-engine failure.
Now, if you want, we can pop in a coil that will stop your periods and almost certainly stop the breast pain.
Then ask the patient to push, and slowly insert the IUD.
After you were born, she had an iud, but she couldn't adjust.
A skirt that tight I can tell if you got an I IUD.
Ah well, is it easy to take the IUD out if it doesn't agree with you? Yeah.
While we screwed, her IUD was like a brok en door banging in the wind.
Listen, if I were to die before you, bury me in that lace.
Hats and other headgear (including hair nets) knitted or crocheted, or made up from lace, felt or other textile fabric in the piece (but not from strips), whether or not lined or trimmed
They have lace up the side and they're badly torn.
I edged it with the very finest lace, and Mother was so pleased, there were tears in her eyes.
Do you mean to tell me that 500,000 francs is concealed in that little bit of silk and lace?
That lace, that thin sleeve Get closer, dear so that Mrs. Winston can see you
Okay, but on this one I gotta see lace, right?
You can do anything you want to do, just show me the lace.
They were nylon and had lace up the sides.
You know, maybe they'd look prettier if I had some better lace.
'Your letter ordered me to place him 'at the vanguard of the assault 'in front of the cannon.'
Mr Seligman (ED). — With its vast resources of welleducated and trained scientists, the EEC should be in the vanguard of technical innovation and invention, but we are not, and there are several reasons for this.
Prophet Moses was in the vanguard of those early, heady days, back when Tupac and Biggie were making some noise.
"Autonomous navigation is an area where Europe is in the vanguard of research.
As men of science, it is our role--nae! Our duty to be in the vanguard of that movement.
From the Industrial Revolution onwards, Europe was consistently in the vanguard of research and innovation.
By attempting to rectify this shortcoming by introducing microprocessors, Japan without doubt placed itself in the vanguard of a radical transformation in the machine-tool sector, involving a switch from numerically controlled to computer-controlled machine tools.
Breakthroughs in R & D have the potential to permanently alter products and production processes in the car sector, and European manufacturers have to remain in the vanguard of technological advance.
Two countries, Poland and Hungary, are clearly the vanguard of this movement.
I had to eat right, exercise, meditate, pet dogs, because that lowers the blood pressure.
You'd use a screen interface to enter information, like how many calories you ate that day, how much exercise you got.
I guess it's the exercise and the being outdoors that really gets my appetite.
The proportion of young people taking physical exercise, as well as the time spent, tends to increase with their level of educational attainment for both men and women (Graph 56).
Small Sole trader Sole trader Fixed term Fixed term Temporary Temporary employer full-time part-time full-time part-time full-time part-time anticipating job change did show increased levels of smoking and a reduction in daily exercise.
Want to make up for 50 weeks' lack of exercise with two weeks' puffing and blowing.
The Østerbro research shows that the more secure people are in their job and the greater the colleague and management support available to them, the more exercise they take.
The school teachers weren't having much fun, the sports were very dirty or very painful.
Of course there's a grimmer side to that truth, which is that it's actually taken decades for the world at large to come to a position of trust, to really believe that disability and sports can go together in a convincing and interesting fashion.
Some students devote themselves to sports and neglect their studies.
How do we change man, so that he doesn't lie and cheat, and our newspapers are not filled with stories of fraud in business or labor or athletics or wherever?
Well, writing checks was one of Jack's family's favourite sports.
There are other, better ways which can be found of guaranteeing that sporting events can be seen which will obtain the support of sports supporters fans and sporting organizations.
That's true in all walks of life- music, politics, sports, you name it.
It was all sex, scandal, brutal crimes, sports children with incurable diseases and lost puppies.
And if you can cause that coil to resonate, what will happen is it will pulse at alternating current frequencies -- at a fairly high frequency, by the way.
Whenever current flows through the coil, this becomes an electromagnet.
They are identical to the coil we found earlier.
For example, each coil is pressed towards the centre of the machine with a force of 2000 tonnes.
A coil of detcord attached to a rubber mat will give you the explosion you need and allow you to point it wherever you need it to go.
During evaporation a considerable quantity of metal condenses on the induction coil, and this metal can give
You see the dark blue coil in the upper right-hand corner?
The flash is given off by the plasma which forms inside the coil.
But I had an inspiration this morning. Instead of trying to adapt the coil to our technology, we should be adapting our systems to theirs.
Description, impact and results Otomec's system combines existing technologies in a completely new way. The wire rod is fed from the coil through the cleaning machine and into the drawing apparatus in one continuous movement.
Now, I do something with my right hand, my right index finger, and with the bail and a spool, and pull the thingy...
In the end we designed a spool that had a conical shape on it, so that the monofilament would unravel and go very freely through the air.
I'm gonna be needing a dozen two-foot lengths of this rubber tubing... and a spool of razor wire... and a pair of those special gloves that'll let me handle the wire.
It's the only spool I have and I had an awful time finding it.
Livie sent Jim-Bob in here the other day for a spool of green thread and some coffee beans.
Of course, "spool" doesn't make much sense.
His spool's not turning, and there's no conductor to say while stroking his hair.:
The tapes are right in the centre of the spool. They will have to undo yards of ribbon to find them.
Now don't let go of your index finger or all the line will spin off your spool.
And in the last season there were two women in the finalists.
We've got a new one this year, but we'll work on that next season.
On our shelves at home, we have a box set of the DVD series "24," season six to be precise.
And I'll never forget, up in the Bering Sea, I was on a crab boat with the "Deadliest Catch" guys -- which I also work on -- in the first season.
We understand some big changes in store for the show next season.
Throughout the first European Job Day season on September 2006, 500 events in more than 300 European cities attracted thousands of jobseekers and employers.
He lived with the Bradys during the last season of the show.
But in May of 1959, the actors seemed upbeat when told that cast and crew would be reunited to film a seventh season.
In Smallville 's second season, Christopher Reeve made an unforgettable appearance--
Last season's finale was the highest-rated show in television history, as my boyfriend, William Williams, suffering from hallucinations caused by posttraumatic stress tragically lost his life.
In my squadron in Vietnam, we lost 8 of 18 aircraft. 10 men.
They destroyed half my squadron before we even opened fire.
I'd seen so many of the guys from my squadron... ..burned up.
Then we won't have to risk the squadron.
As soon as the squadron has landed, order all ships to close on the Galactica and slow down to probe speed.
I want at least one squadron on patrol outside the station at all times.
Hold the squadron at Omega 4. I'll approach from the other side.
If I run into Cylons, I could lose the entire squadron.
In Malta, sir, where there are enough chickens to lay fresh eggs for every officer in the squadron, at five cents apiece from the mess fund.
Sir, incoming squadron doesn't match any known Cylon machines.
But if we collect it very gently, and we bring it up into the lab and just squeeze it at the base of the stock, it produces this light that propagates from stem to the plume, changing color as it goes, from green to blue.
You can see the orientation. The stem is down.
You should have ripped them all out, root and stem.
With a hooked blade he sliced me, root and stem, chanting all the while.
In the Cook Islands, they use the stem of a Simarouba plant...
'Quercus robur' is covered by this legislation which includes requirements relating to morphology such as straightness of stem, branching habit, small size of branches and natural pruning.
You're the leaves, I'm the stem.
The lefthand part - the possible stem - is sought indexedsequentially in the dictionary.
The sampling and analysis of increment cores and stem discs could be carried out once preferably during the installation or soon after.
— where the sample point falls within a coppice, only the dominant stem shall be assessed for each stump sampled.
And since Windsor was experimented on with the same strain I was, it stands to reason...
This mutated strain is many times more viral so we tried to adapt a new vaccine from the old formula.
— species, strain, source, environmental conditions, diet, etc.,
It's an especially virulent strain caused by a mutated variola virus.
— species, strain, source, environmental conditions, diet, etc.,
Yean, the bag needed a certain heft if it was gonna fool John Douglas. I just bred an antibiotic- resistant strain of rubella.
b) The strain and origin of the animals used for production should be specified, together with their genotype and age.
What kind of stank strain you brewing' over there?
Measure the absorbance at 620 nm and from this deduce the concentration of bacteria in relation to a standard curve obtained previously by means of solid medium counts of Pseudomonas fluorescens strain ATCC 15453.
This strain is particular to the American Somoan region of the South Pacific.
The group gels. And it changes from a group of highly motivated but fairly individually-centric people into something larger, into a tribe that becomes aware of its own existence.
I have just one word to say of the whole tribe; they are a nuisance.
A common misconception about Christopher Columbus is that he once impressed a tribe of natives by predicting the lunar eclipse. The truth of the matter is that he CAUSED it.
A new agreement was presented to Sioux chiefs and their leading men under a campaign known as "sell or starve:" Sign the paper, or no food for your tribe.
The tribe worships its ancestors and speaks its own language, and speaks an unfamiliar language.
We move people from Stage One to Stage Two by getting them in a new tribe and then, over time, getting them connected.
By connecting a tribe of people who are desperate to be connected to each other.
Out west where sun go down, great tribe.
The Sabre-Tooth Curriculum is set in Chellian times and could well have been set in the Dordogne Valley, telling as it does the story of a pre-historic tribe and their efforts to provide an education for their children.
We came across a Zulu warrior once that had been killed by his tribe... because he tried to climb it.
So it's a tree, and in its trunk you have the roots of languages.
Descending the laurel walk, I faced the wreck of the chestnut-tree; it stood up black and riven: the trunk, split down the centre, gasped ghastly.
The two squirrels chased each other around the trunk of a large tree.
And while we were climbing Hyperion, Marie Antoine spotted an unknown species of golden-brown ant about halfway up the trunk.
The trunk of a tree is immovable; the foliage is capricious.
Trees are rooted in the ground in one place for many human generations, but if we shift our perspective from the trunk to the twigs, trees become very dynamic entities, moving and growing.
You can see that this one has names carved into its trunk, but it also records some natural events.
And so simply by shifting our perspective from a single trunk to the many dynamic twigs, we are able to see that trees are not simply static entities, but rather extremely dynamic.
The food collected in the trunk of our oak tree, will not be enough to carry us through winter.
As such, it is rather like a common trunk from whichthe various branches of organised knowledge shoot off, at the risk of beinglost from sight.
- The guy just wants to roll with the big-time celebrity for the evening, have a good time.
Boy, Pete, it sure is gonna be intimidating bowling next to a celebrity like Tim Taylor.
Hey, do you think you're ready to hang out with a celebrity?
The people started treating me like I was a celebrity.
Burying a celebrity, even a pseudo-celebrity, who's only famous for how she died, must be a coup for any funeral home, I'd imagine.
Yeah, when we were on I'm A Celebrity.
I've never been out with a celebrity before.
Your typical celebrity nude photo brings in, oh, say, upwards of $1000.
Who knew you'd come to Pittsburgh and meet a celebrity?
Even if they give this to you because you're a celebrity, you have a great show.
And the starling was in the garden, and the rat was nowhere at all.
Experience shows that hunting is not a good method of control; we have a good example of this in France with the starling, which can be shot and destroyed all year round under Article 9.
Invasive species wreak havoc on our ecosystem, none worse than the European starling.
A starling... you can always find them amongst the more common birds.
"I looked up and down the passage and saw a starling in a little cage."
But, Fawlty, how did the starling get in the bar?
He chose the starling for the variety of noises it could make, its ability to mimic, its dual plumage and its sociability.
She found a job, she scouted for jobs for her classmates and her friends.
If she would say a word to Pomorsky, the job is done.'
Are you still thinking that you'd like the job?
Then I decided I had to get really smart, I would take this job in the West Coast.
He went on with his work with a feeling that the centre of gravity of his attention had shifted, and that he consequently saw the matter differently and with greater clearness.
He is no less qualified for the job than she is.
I quit my job as a newspaper editor after my father died in February of that same year, and decided to travel.
Tom could've had this job if he'd wanted it.
Federal judge is a big job, especially for a man that young.
Then, a search is made for a suitable job and an internship arranged – paid by the association.
You either don't know what you're looking for, or you're looking in the wrong place," he said.
Pilloried on the very place where, on the day before, he had been saluted, acclaimed, and proclaimed Pope and Prince of Fools, in the cortege of the Duke of Egypt, the King of Thunes, and the Emperor of Galilee!
If I were in your place, I would lend him a hand.
And to think that the tumor was in the same bone, in the same place in my body as the accident 38 years earlier -- it seemed like too much of a coincidence.
But it was not her business to think for me, or to seek a place for me: besides, in her eyes, how doubtful must have appeared my character, position, tale.
As soon as he heard of it, he hastened to the spot.
It is the place where we're learning the most.
"If I were in your place," he said, "I should clear myself of my debts, and have money left over."
Tom hurt his left knee during practice, so John had to play the game in his place.
I suppose that... if I were in your place, I'd do the same.
PUMA has 2.7 billion dollars of turnover, 300 million dollars of profits, 200 million dollars after tax, 94 million dollars of externalities, cost to business.
The furnishing of his work room was tax deductible.
CA: All right, so you don't support a carbon tax of any kind or a price on carbon.
He could deduct the furnishing of his work room from his taxes.
It starts off with much smaller differences in earnings before tax.
A 10% tax will be withheld from the payment to you.
And so this -- you can see that you're paying considerably less than the health care costs on the tax.
- I have. I work for the factory, the income tax, and the insurance already.
At Federal level, the tax is calculated on the basis of the ratio (%) of taxable profits to equity.
A fin or a sawbuck under the table, that's one way to beat the room tax.
Tom fell asleep at the wheel and hit a street lamp.
He fell asleep at the wheel and had an accident.
I, I just want to see how the Pilgrim looks without a hand on the wheel.
an astronomy club who presented their photographs of the solar eclipse of August 2000, as well as a group of young biologists who had made wheel!
- Now, you bump your head on that wheel. - Yes, sir.
In order to avoid it, the forklift truck driver instinctively swings tne wheel round.
I was at the wheel when we got punctured.
Whether behind the wheel of her yellow, single-decker bus, or chatting with her workmates at City Trafik, one of the two main bus companies in Aalborg (Denmark), Jane Grøne seems completely at ease.
I'm a little too heavy to sit behind the wheel.
Taking over the EU’s rotating Presidency in July 2005 from Luxembourg, the UK setout a long and ambitious environmental agenda, in both political and legislativeterms, for its six months at the helm.
It wasn't a non-profit buried, you know, on the 30th floor of some building downtown. It was right in the neighborhood that it was serving, and it was open all the time to the public.
Leon, in fact, lodged at the chemist's where he had a small room on the second floor, overlooking the Place.
The elevator was out of order and we had to walk to the fifth floor.
And he said, "Unless that -- even you get high-tech flat on the 100th floor of a super-modern and comfortable building, if you are deeply unhappy within, all you are going to look for is a window from which to jump."
Please take this chart to the X-ray Room on the third floor.
His mother chose a room for him on the fourth floor of a dyer's she knew, overlooking the Eau-de-Robec.
"Where is my classroom?" "It's on the third floor."
They tell me it has a wonderful restaurant on the second floor.
The Council's central library is located on the second floor of the Frère Orban building in Brussels (square Frère Orban 10 — tel. 6541 ).
I'll come to the window in my room on the floor above.
And extending his cane he pointed to the awful object, his hand shaking as he did so.
The grandfather asked the boy to bring him his cane.
Laennec, it is said, was walking in the streets of Paris and saw two children playing with a stick.
As the splinters were now all broken off, Levin grasped the thick ends in his fingers and split the stick, carefully catching a piece as it fell.
They would just take a stick and a catgut and string it up.
"The landlord's son?" asked K., and impatiently knocked on the ground with his stick.
But if they really were intelligent, why would they use a stick to extract termites from the ground rather than a shovel?
You didn't hit that little boy with no stick. You hit him with them shoes.
When they bring in that stick you washed off the police are gonna sprinkle some special blood powder they got on it.
This assessment should also take account of the perspectives of the different stakeholders-users, staff and managers and be available to all citizens.
It was a bride's bouquet; it was the other one's.
This is the most beautiful bouquet I've ever seen.
"Hallo! you've a pretty bouquet," he said, noticing Leon's violets on the chimney.
A shell box adorned the chest of drawers, and on the secretary near the window a bouquet of orange blossoms tied with white satin ribbons stood in a bottle.
Don't knock it. Because of this bouquet, Lou has been able to send his son to a fabulous trade school.
Gebhardt (PSE). — (DE) Mr President, you seem to be being presented today with a bouquet made up of all the different cultures and languages of our various nations.
When he learns his lessons well he is given candy. A sweet apple to put in his mouth, a bouquet of flowers to put in his little heart."
Lulling (PPE). — (FR) Mr President, Luxembourgish is sadly not one of the Community's official languages, otherwise I would have added it to the bouquet that Mrs Gebhardt talked about.
Yeah, well, maybe you'd like to send them a nice little bouquet when all this is worked out.
Dr Ron just bought her the biggest bouquet of roses you've ever seen.
Tom snuck out and surreptitiously bought Mary a big bunch of flowers for their wedding anniversary.
Boyar, if it catches and blooms, in may I'll bring a whole bunch.
The little girl was carrying a bunch of pink carnations when she was killed.
Tell her I'm on a committee, and that Hugo will pick her up. He'll have a bunch of white roses.
So I stopped on the way to her house one day, at the empty lot, and I picked up a bunch of dandelions.
Not to be a downer, but it's a little late to go home with a bunch of orchids...
She's gone to the kitchen with a bunch of flowers.
I don't think he knows this, but I came home from work one day, and he was sitting on my doorstep with a bunch of calla lilies, and he must have been there for hours, because he was on the phone with his mom,
Esther was holding onto a bunch of wood violets that I'd picked for her.
When you get here, walk into a florist and buy a bunch of flowers.
An ostrich can not fly any more than a kangaroo can.
The pigeon and the ostrich are both birds; the one can fly and the other cannot.
The ostrich has wings, but it cannot fly.
This is the most beautiful ostrich I've ever seen.
And on a side note, I may have crushed an ostrich getting here.
Such parts are, for example, feathers of ostrich, egret, heron, pheasant, marabou, ibis, peacock, bird of paradise, flamingo, jay, humming bird, magpie, vulture, gull and stork;
There's an old saying: an ostrich with his head in the sand makes a lousy cop.
He is an ostrich because he has successfully eliminated reference to mine closures from the Commission proposals.
You can't bury your head in the sand like an ostrich, Liz!
Such parts are, for example, feathers of ostrich, egret, heron, pheasant, marabou, ibis, peacock, bird of paradise, flamingo, jay, humming bird, magpie, vulture, gull and stork;
We could, for example, imagine growing a lamp, a chair, a car or maybe even a house.
She conducted me to her own chair, and then began to remove my shawl and untie my bonnet-strings; I begged she would not give herself so much trouble.
What would it take to have this chair repaired?
"Nabokov's family fled Russia. How could the young Nabokov, sitting innocently and elegantly in a red chair, leafing through a book and butterflies, imagine such displacement, such loss?"
How I looked while these ideas were taking my spirit by storm, I cannot tell; but I perceived soon that Mr. Rivers had placed a chair behind me, and was gently attempting to make me sit down on it.
So if somebody can reach under the chair that’s next to them, you’ll find something taped underneath it.
A servant got upon a chair and broke the window-panes.
The chair was too high, and I found myself with my legs hanging in the air.
Louis the XV's chair with this Pattridge girl?
Surely, Mr President, you can not be happy with the thought that an actor sits in your chair telling European television viewers that in this Parliament we talk of nothing else but this particular brand of margarine.
Now place your feet on the stool, to keep them out of the wet.
I mastered the rising hysteria, lifted up my head, and took a firm stand on the stool.
I did try, but was presently swept off the stool and denominated "a little bungler."
They had got me by this time into the apartment indicated by Mrs. Reed, and had thrust me upon a stool: my impulse was to rise from it like a spring; their two pair of hands arrested me instantly.
"Let her stand half-an-hour longer on that stool, and let no one speak to her during the remainder of the day."
Georgiana sat on a high stool, dressing her hair at the glass, and interweaving her curls with artificial flowers and faded feathers, of which she had found a store in a drawer in the attic.
Leo. Sit down on this little red stool, while I explain the festivities of the evening to you.
Young man, take your foot down off that stool. Now have a seat.
Let me have that stool, too, will you, Donald, please?
If they come down the alley you'd best get yourself a stool and shoot out that cell window.
PH: In my own company, Technorati, we see something like 67,000 blog posts an hour come in.
It is as well I should ease my mind before I die: what we think little of in health, burdens us at such an hour as the present is to me.
The airplane flies at a speed of five hundred kilometers per hour.
Let's get people to go in the street, face the sea, their back to the street, dressed in black, standing up silently for one hour, doing nothing and then just leaving, going back home."
It worked and worked faster: I felt the pulses throb in my head and temples; but for nearly an hour it worked in chaos; and no result came of its efforts.
No. I have been looking for them for more than one hour.
If you can manage to experience three positive emotions for every one negative emotion over the course of an hour, a day, a week, you dramatically improve your health and your ability to successfully tackle any problem you're facing.
Here a bell, ringing the hour of supper, called me downstairs.
I have to go shopping. I'll be back in an hour.
For rehearsing, we make special rate. That's $15 an hour.
I remember my teacher. When I first started, my very first lesson, I was all prepared with sticks, ready to go.
"If you liked," he said, "a lesson from time to time, that wouldn't after all be very ruinous."
Well, time is up. Let's finish the lesson now.
"Ah! it is no use. I ought to take some lessons; but—" She bit her lips and added, "Twenty francs a lesson, that's too dear!"
We must learn this poem by heart by the next lesson.
The lesson consisted in learning by heart some verses from the Gospels and repeating the beginning of the Old Testament.
I'll let you know when I'll be in for my next lesson.
At the end of the lesson, you could help the pupils to perform the scene in which Paul and Angela visit Andy in hospital.
May I give one last lesson to Mr. Gaston?
The teacher can begin the lesson by asking the pupils if they know the difference between the two concepts "natural" and "manmade".
Is it military strength? Well, we have the world's fourth largest army.
There are moments when woman's hands possess superhuman strength.
He lifted the trunk to show off his strength.
Now, the strength for those top 20 percent is starting to fade on a relative basis, but even more concerning is the education that the balance of people are getting.
"Envy for what, monsieur the archdeacon? their strength, their armor, their discipline?
In wine there's wisdom, in beer there's strength, in water there are bacteria.
But its strength lies in telling them what everybody else has been doing.
He explained to the company the future importance of this establishment, computed the strength of the floorings, the thickness of the walls, and regretted extremely not having a yard-stick such as Monsieur Binet possessed for his own special use.
Antonsson is a hefty man, but his physical powers are nothing in comparison with Mr Vogler's spiritual strength.
At the beginning of each parliamentary term Members are appointed by the political groups in proportion to their strength in the Folketing.
So a baker, and a good baker, knows how to pull or draw forth the inherent sugar trapped in the starch.
They were reasonable portions of protein served with copious quantities of vegetables and small amounts of starch, usually rice.
It starts to release the sugars trapped in the starch.
So instead of having starch, which is the food of plants, it takes something rather similar to brown fat and burns it at such a rate that it's burning fat, metabolizing, about the rate of a small cat.
Coagulation, caramelization and gelatinization -- when the starch is thick and they absorb all the moisture that's around them, they -- they kind of swell, and then they burst.
— processed products: flour, wheat groats and meal, malt, starch (from cereals and potatoes), glucose, cereal preparations, bran, wheat gluten;
I don't take too much starch in my collars.
The necessary regulations were adopted in 1986 and the consequence is that industrial use of starch is now running at over 1 million tonnes a year, and of sugar at approximately 150 000 tonnes a year, for the manufacture of non-protected products.
Might wash some of the starch out of you, or rust.
Factories would be built in the country, bio-refineries that would use surplus agricultural produce to make lubricants from rape seed oil, biodegradable plastic bags from cereal starch, plasterboard from maize leaves, etc.
Again, the first one to go to the blackboard to answer questions.
The master sat throned in his great chair upon a raised platform, with his blackboard behind him.
Er, Sir? What's written on the blackboard isn't an exponential function but a trigonometric one ...
You wouldn't build a building out of this stuff, and you wouldn't try to give a lecture and write on the chalkboard with this.
And it's the dilemma that this Chinese man faces, who's language is spoken by more people in the world than any other single language, and yet he is sitting at his blackboard, converting Chinese phrases into English language phrases.
And I'd like you to imagine that that's a blackboard, and I just used some chalk on there.
Just imagine, in a classroom a teacher writes on the blackboard and a blind student can see what's written and read using these non-visual interfaces.
Harry, when I give the word, would you please read aloud each of the names I've written on the blackboard.
After the pupils have read the story, you can discuss its contents with them and use the blackboard for illustrations (structure of an atom, types of radiation, penetration properties, etc.).
Would you like to try writing some words in cursive on the blackboard today?
Vronsky sat at the head of the table; on his right was the young Governor, a General of the Emperor's suite.
"The consciousness of having spent the other hours well is a just and savory condiment for the table."
I again felt rather like an individual of but average gastronomical powers sitting down to feast alone at a table spread with provisions for a hundred.
But at the upper end of the table, alone amongst all these women, bent over his full plate, and his napkin tied round his neck like a child, an old man sat eating, letting drops of gravy drip from his mouth.
The conversation, sometimes general and sometimes tête-à-tête, never ceased, and toward the end became so animated that the men left the table without ceasing to talk, and even Karenin was infected.
The men, who were in the majority, sat down at the first table in the vestibule; the ladies at the second in the dining room with the Marquis and Marchioness.
Where be your jibes now, your songs, your gambols, your flashes of merriment that were wont to set the table on a roar?
She is a girl accustomed to live upon salad, milk and cheese and who consequently will require neither a well served up table nor all those delicacies that another woman would want.
(l) In the case of hexagons and octagons the distance across the flats is the ruling criterion. (') It should be noted that not all sizes mentioned in this table are available in the cold reduced condition.
Your fat king and your lean beggar is but variable service - two dishes, but to one table.
O that this too too solid flesh would melt, thaw and resolve itself into a dew!
Still invisible in the absence of the sun, the dew on the tall scented hemp, from which the male plants had already been weeded out, wetted Levin's legs and his blouse to above his belt.
The marsh grass that had glittered like silver in the dew was now golden.
After three or four hours nipping away at that bottle to keep the dew off,
But look, the morn in russet mantle clad walks o'er the dew of yon high eastward hill.
It is the tears of repentant sinners that today with holy dew besprinkle field and meadow:
O that this too too solid flesh would melt, thaw, and resolve itself into a dew.
That this too too solid flesh would melt... thaw and resolve itself into a dew. Or that the Everlasting had not fixed his canon against self-slaughter.
So, she pretended that she was out in the Passage, out drinking dew, out of Hell.
She fondly lulled to sleep with caresses the babe cradled gently on soft moss. With anxious care a mother's yearning guarded its sleep and the hot dew of a mother's tears woke it at morn.
What I could use is 20 meters of static rope ... 9.8 millimeters.
This can be a piece of wood, rope, a tyre, or evena simple coconut.
If you let go of the rope too soon, and you lose speed and the wave comes from behind and gobbles you up.
I'm no better than the man that cut the rope.
Out on the yards, you dockside scum, or I'll take a rope's end to you!
So, here's the first door. You know, you get the message.
There are many who agree that he wouldn't be able to close the door.
The carriage drove into the courtyard, and Oblonsky rang loudly at the front door, before which a sledge was standing.
Take a look at the second door and see if there's any different message.
'Yes, that is a sophistical explanation,' put in Veslovsky. 'Oh, our host!' he said, addressing a peasant who had opened the creaking barn doors and was entering.
If he takes the stool and sits down beside the door and stays there all his life he does this of his own free will, there's nothing in the story to say he was forced to do it.
Tilt the €50, €100, €200 or €500 banknote – the hologram image will change between the value and a window or doorway .
Could you hold this for me, while I get the door?
INFCE is all about nuclear proliferation and how we can prevent it, but we are bolting the door after this particular horse has gone.
If Sam doesn't open the door. We show him the master's coffin.
And here I stand, with all my lore, poor fool, no wiser than before.
And here I stand, with all my lore, poor fool, no wiser than before.
Now observe well, and let me observe, if you are a fool and innocent, what knowledge may be divulged to you.
"Enlightened through compassion, the innocent fool."
- I'd be a fool to let this fortune slip!
"Enlightened through compassion, the innocent fool;"
How ill white hairs become a fool and jester.
But if thou dares not this, then I present my throat to thee and to thy ancient malice, which not to cut would show thee but a fool, since I have ever followed thee with hate, and cannot live but to thy shame
I couldn't believe it. The man who'd taught me to think was behaving like a fool.
And being a fool, he was simple-minded. He didn't see a king.
The crowd went crazy when he got a goal.
Soccer is a sport in which players can't touch the ball with their arms, except for the keeper, who can use his whole body to defend the goal.
Colby, after givin' me ball here, I do this this, this, goal.
Two people sit either side of a table, trying to move a ball into their opponent's goal.
Three minutes left, as Fimpen renews hope with his goal.
The colourful character stole the show by taking it upon himself to score a goal for the Cantona side.
Italy is composing its attack, left field... a pass, and coming up to the goal...
The Braves are surrounding the referee but the goal doesn't count
Eachteam has to construct a main robot that canrecognise, collect and deliver the balls into theopposition goal while avoiding obstacles andthe opposing robots.
The next thing I knew the ball was sailing into their goal.
just drop the bullets in, close up the cylinder, and pull the trigger.
The duel continues with 4 bullets in the cylinder.
And you load it by opening up the cylinder, like this,
You want to get in the game, you got to spin the cylinder.
I'd like to convince you that the universe has a soundtrack and that soundtrack is played on space itself, because space can wobble like a drum.
"I'm going to buy a new drum, and a sure'nough sword, and a red necktie and a bull pup, and get married."
"Picked a lightning bug off the drum." "Running at two kilocycles."
"Come, make haste," said the king, stamping upon his cask, which resounded like a huge drum! Search the manikin, and let there be an end to this!
And yet black holes may be heard even if they're not seen, and that's because they bang on space-time like a drum.
At the shock of the beam, the half metallic door sounded like an immense drum; it was not burst in, but the whole cathedral trembled, and the deepest cavities of the edifice were heard to echo.
But it's the things that you notice when you're not actually with your instrument that in fact become so interesting, and that you want to explore through this tiny, tiny surface of a drum.
It's called "Ode to the Drum," and I'll try and read it the way Yusef would be proud to hear it read.
Now we owe the idea that space can ring like a drum to Albert Einstein -- to whom we owe so much.
This one slides down the banister and lands - bang! - right on the big drum.
We would use a Romulan signal as a carrier for our own, thus disguising its origin.
A sample of the mixture to be analysed is taken in a syringe (1). The sample is injected through a rubber septum into the evaporator (2); it is vaporised and mixed with the carrier gas supplied from a cylinder of compressed helium.
Hail to thee, maker of barley, feeder of cattle, carrier of ships, greatest of all the gods.
The ßparticles liberated by the radioactive disintegration then no longer strike the marked molecules exclusively but in particular the carrier.
A conventional attack on the airbase where the carrier attack originated.
Size and shape of the carrier, including workpiece(s) should not cause excessive dragout and should be such as to avoid a "piston" effect on the vapour-zone.
- a carrier. He is now another shell of a man being transformed.
If Jack knows we got the carrier of the virus, he'll return Salazar.
This modulation is a special case coming under the known amplitude modulation methods, since it works with a "direct" carrier (cf. a microphone current).
One batch to be cleaned or processed consisting of the carrier and one or more workpieces.
There's the solar panels of the cell, some switches that turn your genes on and off, the girders of the cell, motors that move your muscles.
"The girders of interlaced ironwork, which stay the structure...
Where arch girders are required the time can vary between 45 and 60 minutes depending on the amount of lagging and backfilling required.
I could bend a girder to any angle. 30 degrees, 32.
The span is twice that of the girder frame of the floor below.
As the girder comes up, you jump out on it and grab the baby.
— 323 — spaced, relatively close to one another, being linked by much lighter sway bracings and the top chords of these girders also act as the longitudinal members directly supporting the road or railway.
I mean, they started running out through the flames, and through the girders, and their hair was on fire, and their clothes were on fire.
Angles of standard length and section are bolted together, linked by gusset plates to form a rigid structure constituting the loadcarrying main girders of what is a warrengirder truss type bridge.
We add in raisins and oil and milk and all kinds of things to make bread, from a simple food into kind of a support for calories.
The openwork does not therefore cease where the design begins; on the contrary it forms the support for it (which is not always the case in mechanically made lace).
The rain has put a bad strain on the support.
Metal or concrete frameworks and their components, shutterings, prefabricated components or temporary support, and buttresses must be erected and dismantled only under the supervision of a competent person.
This definition would not be complete without reference to the roles of the various social players, and more specifically the predominance of the firms, external and internal support mechanisms and, naturally, the women themselves.
This is placed on a semi-solid support and immersed for a few days in a proliferation liquid.
Metal or concrete frameworks and (heir components, shutterings, prefabricated components or temporary support, and buttresses must be erected and dismantled only under the supervision of a competent person.
It is best to use an equally tough support to show the CE marking.
Thin-film solar panels are made by depositing a thin layer – thinner than a human hair – of photoreactive material between two layers of glass, which acts as a support for the solar cells.
Grouped under this priority are the measures, activities or functions that go right across the Community support framework.
Instead of hanging onto every chess piece and playing defensively One must know when to sacrifice a rook to take the opponent's king
It is even a classconditioned war-game, for here pawns are 'sacrificed', as they say in chess, for the queen, the king, a bishop, a knight or a castle.
Not that it helps him... as you'll take it with the rook.
Like playing chess it's better to lose the rook than the game
A rook, but you did always say that it looked like a bishop, and it was just me trying to get an advantage over you.
It's just that, erm, if you move your castle
You can have my rook, but I will take that.
He'll take your rook if you move there.
Why don't you take his castle... with your little horsey?
Hey, don't you care about losing your rook?
The lowest value is actually the bottom part of a tower like this.
The tower commands a fine view of the lake.
According to that story, early humans developed the conceit that, by using their language to work together, they could build a tower that would take them all the way to heaven.
Actually I wanted to be a damsel in a tower guarded by seven dragons, and then a prince on a white horse would chop off the dragons' heads and liberate me.
And it seemed to me looking at that -- that tower burning and then falling, those towers burning and falling -- that in fact, one of the lessons here was that density kills.
And that's green. If you look from the tower -- this is when we start attacking the grass.
Many a time I dreamt that I was falling down from a tower.
If yours keeps up, I'll burn the rest of your bell tower.
A Parisian only goes to the Tower in moments of despair to jump off.
Between this tower and the telecommunications centre there is a two-mile-long experimental laser section.
He's absolutely balanced between innocence and experience, and that made me stop in my tracks in front of this painting.
As you are innocent it could actually be possible and you could depend on your innocence alone.
When that happens, nothing has changed except that the case for your innocence, for your acquittal and the grounds for the acquittal have been made stronger.
It would tend to show your innocence and be an act of loyalty to your parents.
As Mr Donnez pointed out, and I fully agree, the right of a Member of Parliament to prove his innocence should unquestionably be taken into account by this Assembly.
Under the terms of the directive, those presumed guilty of acts of discrimination will have to prove their innocence in civil court.
My brother never even told me when he lost his virginity.
I suppose one should congratulate the Commissioner on being perhaps the first Commissioner since I was elected to have come through the price fixing with his virginity intact.
I told the doctor the handrail had taken my virginity.
Once she loser her virginity, her Kung Li will be, transferred into the man's body. Now I only have two tenths of my Kung Li!
And then every boy in the village goes in to lose his virginity.
Lucky girl. To lose once virginity to a direct descent of the goddess Venus.
And it was in that last year, or actually weekend, really a Friday in December at Camden, years ago when I was a different person, I was so drunk that I ended up losing my virginity.
"She offered him the red flower of her virginity.
I mean, I gave everything to him including my virginity.
It has to be warm and sultry and dark-eyed when you give your virginity away. Like Italy or Spain.
You click on that cookout tag, there an entirely different conversation with different people participating in it.
Leah shook her head, and the conversation was of course dropped.
I inferred from our conversation that he was unhappy with his job.
And the conversation would go something like this, "You know Aimee, you're very attractive.
And so she went on, taking first one side and then the other, and making quite a conversation of it altogether; but after a few minutes she heard a voice outside, and stopped to listen.
I often quote myself, it adds spice to the conversation.
They want to, as Jimmy said, they want to have a dialogue, a conversation.
'It is the same thing with you,' said the Hatter, and here the conversation dropped, and the party sat silent for a minute, while Alice thought over all she could remember about ravens and writing-desks, which wasn't much.
As their conversation was in French, I could not understand a word.
Helpful? I can't see anything very helpful about that conversation.
They're a form of entertainment, they're a form of art, a pride of ownership.
And experience is not just a kind of entertainment in a non-casual way.
And now, I realize that as the musician, we human beings, we have a great mind, artistic heart and skill that can change the 16th-century technology and a legendary design to a wonderful entertainment.
Well, they sent me out to look for some entertainment for the boys.
Dear ladies and gentlemen. Hal Roach presents for your entertainment
(a) the role of television in providing information, cducation, culttrre and entertainment;
Gentlemen, we have a little special entertainment for you.
But Brenda, not being phased by stuff like that, took a look at her challenge and came up with a not-so-obvious solution: create a business that produces skin care products from honey.
On the contrary he felt that Sviyazhsky was right, and that the whole business was insignificant, and he noticed the wonderful gentleness and delicacy with which Sviyazhsky avoided saying that he was right.
In social, in education and in our business, don't value play.
This invention will reduce global energy consumption by allowing remote control and automation of every outlet in every home and business.
Honey, you know what kind of escort business I run.
Latvia’s ESF priorities to work, the economically inactive seeking employment opportunities or entrepreneurs seeking new business support.
You managed to recover business in a very short time.
In addition, the European Agency will make available information on practical solutions for business, health and safety practitioners and employees.
If you want someone to cheat a business you have come to the wrong people.
Partnership between the public and private sectors is also lacking and the administrative burden on business is too heavy.
This is a little company that's done very well with simplicity and elegance.
An enterprise like that which the vagabonds were now undertaking against Notre−Dame was not a very rare thing in the cities of the Middle Ages.
The company presented him with a gold watch on the day he retired.
But we got to that conclusion without understanding where we were going, what we knew were a series of issues that the company and the client was confronted with.
The company went public and became listed on the stock exchange in 1990.
At the time of the phone call I just had a baby, I successfully completed a management buyout to the company I was working with, and the last thing I wanted to do was to go back home and touring the high-security prisons.
Never mind! 'Tis not written that because one is of small account one should take fright at a great enterprise.
His career in the company was over before it had begun.
You know, after 20 years as a top muleskinner, that company's gonna be sorry to see me go.
Initiatives to reduce school drop outs and young people without formal qualifications, for example through offering pupils‘learning by doing’ placements in companies to provide positive work experiences and higher motivation.
As an architect, I often ask myself, what is the origin of the forms that we design?
The said dauphin was then young, was handsome, was stout, and, above all (magnificent origin of all royal virtues), he was the son of the Lion of France.
We must go back to the Middle Ages to trace the origin.
Things where you might trip across things like the Copernican Principle, the Fermi Paradox, the Anthropic Principle, the origin of life.
The origin of the universe will probably never be explained.
Some of the crackles and pops were lightning, but the eerie whistles and curiously melodious chirps had a rather more exotic origin.
He was mainly interested in the origin and development of the universe.
Sometimes I think they all stem from one and the same origin.
I recall that the origin of the discussion was a rather different one and that the question was to convene an equal opportunities Council.
Frankly, we have had some very reliable intelligence reports that quite a serious epidemic has broken out at Clavius. Something, apparently, of an unknown origin.
In this particular case, the source over and over has been flood basalts.
Time is like a river; it does not return to its source.
If we do spring from a common source, how did we come to occupy every corner of the globe, and in the process generate all of this diversity, the different ways of life, the different appearances, the different languages around the world?
Our breakthrough was to create an algorithm that unfolds the cortex, so that we can map the signals closer to its source, and therefore making it capable of working across a mass population.
I think I should begin my descent before I become the source of a legend about an abdominal snowman.
It is based particularly on the ‘polluter pays’ principle, the precautionary principle and preventive action, and the principle of rectification of pollution at source.
Well, one of the reasons we were having trouble isolating the source of the transmissions was because they never seem to be coming from the same place twice.
It also lays down certain principles of environment policy — the preventive approach; action against pollution at source; the 'polluter-pays principle'; the integration of environmental requirements into other policy areas; and the balanced development of the Community's regions.
But if you catch it at the exact moment that the larger signal comes through then theoretically, you could lock on to the signal and track it back to its source.
And more than that : the two revolutions sprang from the same source.
I've an order from Judge Rocha, who accords us 24 hours to pack, given the 30 years our client has occupied the premises.
de Silguy, Member of the Commission. - (FR) I shall answer all the questions in the order in which they were asked.
And, Doctor, if that bear should so much as set one paw in a camp site or this town I'll rescind this order immediately.
To speak of a new international order or global agreements in the absence of these factors is merely to mouth empty and meaningless words.
That view was supported by the fact that the order for the provisional enforceability of the maintenance award was made in conjunction with the ruling on custody and rights of access.
Our work took about three years, and we visited all four Visegrad countries in order to give them all the technical support they needed for the common transit system and support in connection with the single document.
President. — That goes beyond the bounds of a nor mal point of order.
I am asking for a split vote in order that the last part, which is rhetoric, can be cut out.
By an order of 2 April 1981 the Chambre Sociale of the French Cour de Cassation referred to the Court of Justice fora preliminary ruling a question on the interpretation of Article 5(1) of the Convention.
European cooperation has not been achieved in order for Europe to paralyse itself as a result of expensive agricultural support.
People no longer feel free to act on their best judgment.
"In virtue of the seizure in execution of a judgment."
Now, personally, I think I'm not the first one who has done this analysis, but I'll leave this to your good judgment.
Dolly would not have sanctioned any punishment on such a day had she been present, but she was obliged to support the governess and so confirmed the sentence that Grisha was not to have pudding.
Todorov tells us that, in a tenth of a second, we can make a judgment on somebody's face.
'Stuff and nonsense!' said Alice loudly. 'The idea of having the sentence first!'
Mr Shcharansky was sentenced — if the verdict of the Soviet parody of justice can be called a sentence — because of his unflinching activity for the protection of people's freedom of movement and basic human rights.
In its judgment of 10 February 1983, the Court of Justice of the European Communities dismissed the appeal lodged by the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg against that decision.
When Siletsky told those fliers of his trip to Warsaw, he wrote his own sentence.
Now it's very easy actually to get a chemical compound from products into the human body through the skin.
And here is the other interesting thing: when a human being ingests Tamiflu, only 20 percent is metabolized appropriately to be an active compound in the human being.
The rest turns into a stable compound, which survives filtration into the water systems, thereby exposing the very aquatic birds that would carry flu and providing them a chance to breed resistant strains.
And it's a pool that's too difficult to fully characterize, even by modern methods, and the product looks brown, like this tar here on the left. A pure compound is shown on the right, for contrast.
And I said, first of all, let me do the calculation on that compound, bottom right, which is related to coumarin, but has an extra pentagon inserted into the molecule.
For safety, the compound has to be broken down into two component parts and then stored separately while chemists look for a way to destroy the stuff once and for all.
The main role of the in vivo test in the four categories of tests is to ascertain if a mutagenic compound has been missed by the in vitro tests because of inappropriate metabolic activation systems having been used.
A sulpha-type compound made of coal tar... that would check certain bacterial growth in body fluids... and at the same time be as harmless to take as water.
With respect to saccharin causing malignancy in the male rat urinary bladder, some work has shown that the compound does accumulate in the bladder wall of the male.
It used to be made with dioxin until the Seveso explosion then they developed a safe compound, metadioxin.
I define that as an association between biology and another discipline, where each discipline reciprocally advances the other, but where the collective discoveries that emerge are beyond any single field.
The association is very easy: buy green, don't buy red, think twice about yellow.
Your association with her will bring you nothing but trouble.
As regards the fight against terrorism, the negotiating di rectives for an association agreement with Algeria, as adopted by the Council in June 1996, do not provide for the inclusion in the agreement of provisions concerning this issue.
Must've thought you're an agent through your association with me.
A colleague, Mr Puerta, also mentioned the too-close association with the United States.
I sincerely expect the greatest mutual benefit from our association, Mr. Spade.
Exchanges of researchers and students have already been carried out in association with the TEMPUS, ERASMUS and SCIENCE programmes or via bilateral university exchange arrangements (PICASSO, PLATON etc.).
I personally would rather have my brains invaded by creatures from space than pledge a fraternity.
We hope this deadlock can be broken before the end of May and that contractual relations with Cyprus can be restored in the spirit of the Association Agreement which the Community has concluded with that island.
The connection between ocean health and human health is actually based upon another couple simple adages, and I want to call that "pinch a minnow, hurt a whale."
Circumstances knit themselves, fitted themselves, shot into order: the chain that had been lying hitherto a formless lump of links was drawn out straight,--every ring was perfect, the connection complete.
This connection is too slow for me to watch movies.
If the connection is weak, the motors will stay off and the fly will continue straight on its course.
The deputy director picked up the receiver and, as he waited for his connection, turned away from it and said to K.,
So the next time the fly finds itself facing the same odor again, the connection is strong enough to turn on the motors and to trigger an evasive maneuver.
He mentioned Miss Bürstner's name just once and in passing, but that did nothing to diminish his openness about the trial as Miss Bürstner had no connection with it.
Urgent call begins. Men wanted in connection with gold theft have stolen police wireless car U4. The number of this car is JYN888.
The connection was explicitly made between supposedly "harmless" cigarette and alcohol smuggling and traffic in arms, drugs and, recently, the introduction and exploitation of illegal immigrants in the EU.
Yes, but what connection can there possibly be between that horrible creature and Barryman?
This embargo does not extend to their families, so it is possible to consider the VUE history of Allia's wife,
Chairman of the committee, Carlos Westendorp Y Cabeza claimed that the embargo starting at the end of July would run counter to the agreement that followed the compromise adopted by both the Parliament and the Council on FP6.
In 1998, an embargo was placed on all exports of live bovine animals and derived products from Portugal to the rest of the EU.
If there is a no vote in the south and a yes in the north, he said, we should fight for the opening of political relations with the north and the lifting of the embargo. There were no other possible solutions.
He did not keep still for a moment while Gregor was speaking, but moved steadily towards the door without taking his eyes off him. He moved very gradually, as if there had been some secret prohibition on leaving the room.
The first prohibition of slavery was in the mid-nineteenth century.
Have you heard of the Prohibition of Mixed Marriages Act of 1949?
Concerning the prohibition of night work in general the Commission is aware that two different models can be found in the Community.
The Espionage Act is an extremely broad criminal prohibition against the sharing or dissemination of what's called national defense information.
Although the Danish Government tried to limit the consequences of this step by the Regulation on prohibition of re-export of certain goods originating in the USSR of 25 March 1983, Denmark is still in infringement of its obligations under the EEC Treaty.
That would challenge the country's prohibition of surrogacy and the order of future generations.
It may be used in accounts, contracts, etc. on a 'no compulsion, no prohibition' basis.
The only people who benefit from prohibition... are the gangsters makin' the money on it, the politicians condemning it and gettin' your vote.
Everyone has the right to seek and to enjoy in other countries asylum from persecution.
No persecution. That's your bag, right?
The repression of the trade union movement and the persecution of the freedom movement are further warnings which should persuade us in this Parliament not to vote in favour of Mr von Hassel's report.
What he saw in those bones gave rise to the persecution, torture, death of thousands.
Mr Van Minnen. — (NL) Mr President, a superficial observer could get the impression that this Parliament is concerned day and night with the persecution and terror in Latin America.
A world where no nation plots against nation... where no neighbor plots against neighbor... where there is no persecution or hunting down... where everybody gets a square deal and a sporting chance... and where people try to help and not to hinder.
Further the UK had a generous tradition of granting asylum to the victims of political persecution, derived from a practice that applied on a relatively large scale during the 1930's.
When Hitler came into power, outlawed the Jews.. . and made them targets for persecution and violence.. . the world did not protest much.
My next pursuit was I wanted to see how long I could go without breathing, like how long I could survive with nothing, not even air.
In this way they went round the room several times without anything decisive happening, without even giving the impression of a chase as everything went so slowly.
He crossed a small "branch" two or three times, because of a prevailing juvenile superstition that to cross water baffled pursuit.
Their soldiers are still talking about their pursuit to overtake him and shuddering at the memory.
Similarly this report raises the question of hot pursuit.
There mustn't be the slightest suspicion that that we are being lax in the pursuit of the perpetrators.
Since then, in her relentless pursuit of Cedric, she has paused only to change girdles and check her oil.
Secondly, terrorists have repeatedly exploited the lack of cooperation between the police authorities in border areas in order to escape pursuit.
Christiane's having an affair with attorney Lacor, you know about it.
In this whole affair there has been a lack of good faith on the part of the Commission, and if this money which we voted a year ago is not spent it is the Commission which will be responsible for that state of affairs.
And you were also aware that Lady Ridgeley was having an affair with Lord Fenley which ended abruptly when he resumed his dalliance with Lady Foxcroft.
De Pasquale chancy affair, a single concrete proposal for changing the operating mechanisms of the structural policies.
I'm saying that Mandy and Eric Stratton are having an affair.
Naturally, the development of transport infrastructures is a very expensive affair and for this reason it had originally been intended that the report should contain a section dealing with the financing of these measures.
- Are you having an affair with Helen Sinclair?
The sexton has an affair with a sculley maid from the next village. He's summoning his doll to meet him.
If I'm to have an affair with someone I'd like to know first, and not hear about it from the concierge.
I could have assumed that you didn't want to because you were having an affair.
So this red line is the employment-to-population ratio, in other words, the percentage of working age people in America who have work.
In just five years, their ratio went from one worker for every 30,000 people to one worker for every 2,500 people.
Because this is evolution, this is the natural ratio, unlike resistance, which happens in the case of chemicals.
So this little slide here shows you an optometrist and the little blue person represents about 10,000 people and that's the ratio in the U.K.
That modest ratio was just the proverbial foot in the door. The system is now worldwide, creates virtually unlimited amounts of money out of thin air, and has almost everyone on the planet chained to a perpetually-growing debt that can NEVER be paid off.
I am referring to the juggling here today with figures, such as the ratio 1:19 of the European-made cars sold in Japan and Japanese-made cars sold in Europe.
Select declination at 22 degrees on an eight-by-four ratio.
The modern money as debt system was born a little over three hundred years ago, when the first Bank of England was set up with a royal charter for fractional lending of gold receipts at a modest ratio of 2:1.
In the Netherlands, the ratio is 95 % to 5 %, with 95 % going to the state.
And apparently the royal court physician said to her, "I am of the opinion that the vulva of your most sacred majesty be titillated for some time prior to intercourse."
There was a reviving pleasure in this intercourse, of a kind now tasted by me for the first time--the pleasure arising from perfect congeniality of tastes, sentiments, and principles.
She had a turn for narrative, I for analysis; she liked to inform, I to question; so we got on swimmingly together, deriving much entertainment, if not much improvement, from our mutual intercourse.
The author was a very young and sickly journalist; very bold as a writer, but extremely uneducated, and shy in personal intercourse.
Now, ask yourself... why didn't the clitoris end up inside the vagina... so that intercourse would be naturally... compellingly, constantly pleasurable for a woman?
The general comments made in relation to previous sections apply here.
You came to our house late at night, and he forced intercourse on you.
On the other hand, specialised staff is 12 853, i.e. a slight fall in relation to the previous financial year (13 306).
She's smart and funny, up for all kinds of intercourse.
A clearer comparison of the Member States can be seen in Table 1.5.3, where the productivity figures for the six branches of the economy are shown in relation to the average for the Union as a whole (EU-15 = 100).
In this Japanese city, they have devised a way of eating a food that normally they can't manage: drop it among the traffic.
We took a back road to avoid the heavy traffic.
So let's say for instance that you're on your way to your best friend's wedding and you're trying to get to the airport and you're stuck in terrible traffic, and you finally arrive at your gate and you've missed your flight.
There's not much traffic on this road after 8:00 p.m.
There are these terrifyingly huge Indian trucks that come careening around one-lane roads with two-lane traffic, with 3,000-foot drop-offs right next to the road, and he was driving one of these trucks.
This morning we ran into heavy traffic on the motorway.
The story was that the traffic shook the foundations.
— collection of data by surveys among transport operators, — assessment of intra-Community transport costs and price indexes, — short and medium-term forecasting of intra-Community traffic.
First we go over the traffic, through the museums.
For example, because of the inadequacy of the London road system, London is a major bottleneck for traffic between the UK and the Continent.
And again the archdeacon had protested, objecting that the ordinance of the legate, which dated back to 1207, was anterior by a hundred and twenty−seven years to the Black Book, and consequently was abrogated in fact by it.
Upon which the bishop had been constrained to recite to him the ordinance of Legate Odo, which excepts certain great dames, ~aliquoe magnates mulieres, quoe sine scandalo vitari non possunt~.
As far as the Housing Authority ordinance, we're on track for the vote tomorrow.
These were largely echoed in the text of a draft ordinance, falling within the ambit of the proposed legislation on social guidelines and submitted to employers and trade union organizations on 23 December 1981, with a view to adoption by the Council of Ministers in January 1982.
We passed an ordinance last spring saying that nobody could wear guns inside Fractured Jaw, not even the mayor.
According to this Ordinance 72% of all beverages must be sold in refillable bottles.
For example, I doubt my opponent is familiar with town ordinance 26-12B... 26-12B has to do with noise pollution-- something, sir, that you are guilty of right now.
My guess is he was sure the ordinance would pass without his vote and- when is he up for re-election?
City ordinance 47-B prohibits the playing of any musical instrument in a public place for the purpose of commercial enterprise without a licence.
Ahem, tutoring in an unapproved facility is a violation of regulation 4499 defined in statute 10-76.
This Regulation shall be binding in its entirety and directly appli cable in all Member States.
Regulation is the enemy of competition, and competition is the engine of growth.
For taking decisions in connection with the procedures laid down in this Regulation, the following shall be competent: tøj
...regarded as a direct contravention of regulation 3.6025 section 11 paragraph B.
Unless otherwise provided in this Regulation or in national laws, the Office and the courts or authorities of the Member States shall on request give assistance to each other by communicating information or opening files for inspection.
Number 1.0, I petition you for an emergency sort under regulation two...
(1) Where the priority of one or more previous applications pursuant to Article 30 of the Regulation is claimed in the application, the applicant shall indicate the file number of the previous application and file a copy of it within three months from the filing date.
I was on a committee to review the color of the book that regulation's in.
The objectives of the Foundation as outlined in Article 1 of the regulation are to:
I'm better than Annie Oakley. - And I got you right in my sight.
Fold up the sight, slide back the trigger guard till it locks.
Next time we see each other, it'll be through a gun's sight.
Locate the firing pin assembly cover on the bottom of the tube opposite of the sight.
Well, you just keep the target above the little notch in the sight.
I just had your head in my rifle sight.
With the tube on your shoulder, use the sight to aim.
In the meantime, could you tighten the adjusting screws on the sight?
I don't think the sight on the gun is quite calibrated.
Then they're comfortable, they have good vision, like this great big visor.
I pulled over cos a bug hit my visor.
Mr Lux, put your helmet back on, block the visor.
If you sense you need a weapon or are threatened the visor goes down and the system makes the weapons available.
To see him moving immediately even though the visor was off, that was a bit of a God-send, to be honest.
Um, she's at the precinct trying to recover that piece of vigilante's visor.
No, no, no, I just tinted her visor.
Make sure the helmet is firmly seated and the visor lowered.
Next time you ride into Sherwood, keep your visor down.
- O yes, my lord. He wore his visor up.
Even though his people are being genocided -- and believe me, he feels every blow on every old nun's head, in every Chinese prison. He feels it.
The mystery! the mystery immediately!" shrieked the people.
We believe in government by and for the people.
When Mandela came out of prison after 27 years of captivity, if he had told his people, "It's time to take up the arms, it's time to fight," he would have been followed.
"That's it," said Rym in a low tone to Coppenole, "punish the people for willing a thing, and then do what they wish."
Religion is regarded by the common people as true, by the wise as false, and by the rulers as useful.
If not, the people will abandon the chief, go somewhere else and set up a new settlement.
The architectural book belongs no longer to the priest, to religion, to Rome; it is the property of poetry, of imagination, of the people.
Hot weather doesn’t just mean that people feel a little unhappy.
You know our people are waiting for you to raise a family.
My father told me many stories about your tribe.
The Moundang tribe (Chad) believe that monkeyshave served as valuable role models for the careof women in labour and for the circumcision ofboys.
We're trying to find an almost forgotten tribe called the Van-usi.
Kevin would leave the cave, go back to the outside world and he would not return until he had found his tribe the biggest baddest villain deserved.
The assassin that tried to kill you belongs to this tribe.
Wow, looks like he finally found his tribe.
And this is the lesson I must take back and teach my tribe?
I could certainly use his help as well to trade with his tribe again.
On that night, find a virgin, descendant from the tribe and from mortal being, whose soul can be sacrificed to eternal damnation in exchange for yours.
So there used to be this tribe, the Aztecs, who believed that the universe was created by violence.
When they're involved in foreplay, they're thinking about something very, very important -- and that's having their genetic material remain, 10,000 generations from now.
We are now ready to heighten our foreplay to petting.
I think painting was the closest thing to permissible foreplay.
They have focused on the breasts which are used primarily to, uh, feed young infants. And also in, uh... in foreplay.
Same position, seven minutes of foreplay, 12 minutes of sex, and we keep our pyjama tops on.
I mean, I-- I gotta get a kind of run on it or get some foreplay or....
I'll let Kev do the foreplay, right?
They think the purpose of foreplay Is to make your neck as wet as possible And drown your ears.
Then came a really cute misunderstanding, he was so crazy for me that he took an ordinary pre-surgery as a foreplay.
Winston's idea of foreplay was "Effie, brace yourself. "
And while I found I knew nothing about these faiths at all -- despite my own intensely religious background, I'd seen Judaism only as a kind of prelude to Christianity, and I knew nothing about Islam at all.
This is a beautiful prelude by Chopin. Some of you will know it.
I'm convinced that these disasters are only a prelude, a smoke screen, to cover up a more diabolic plan, and I intend to find out what that plan is.
Unfortunately, the Commission's policy is all too often described in negative terms, such as 'cutting prices' and 'cutting production as a prelude to opening up the Community's markets to supplies from third countries'.
'This is the prelude to collective legalized murder', commented the assistant bishop of Paris.
And that's just a prelude to what's going to happen in this city.
It is to be hoped that an agreement of this kind will be the prelude to a rationalization of the decisions taken by the electricity producers concerning HTRs and will encourage mutual consultation between constructors on the main choices which will guide the development of this reactor system.
However, this is merely the prelude to an amalgamation of the Communities themselves and to the preparation of a single treaty which will supersede the three existing ones.
Well, can't say we were very impressed with the quality of the presentation.
I should like to congratulate the rapporteur on the effort she put into producing the report, and on the broad consensus emerging from today's presentation to the House, all of which leads us to support the report without any reservations or difficulties.
With a simple presentation, Véronique is not unknown anymore.
The description of each NUTS II and III is preceded by an introduction giving a summary presentation of Portugal, and at the end of the publication explanatory notes can be found, together with the key for the maps and the symbols and abbreviations used within this publication.
"Senator Biter cordially invites you to its presentation of the future."
• Presentation of two exhaustive studies by leading international authorities on the following issues:
His Majesty is giving a tea immediately after the presentation, and I want you to serve it.
Presentation of the Socrates programme Ms Corinne Hermant European Commission, DG XXII
Anyway, they're installing my big screen on Sunday and I have the Mile High Mall presentation in Denver next week.
• Presentation of software for seasonal adjustment; • Training in seasonal adjustment.
If they liked an aria, they would holler and suggest that it be done again as an encore, not at the end of the show, but immediately.
About the wedding ... It's a once-in-a-lifetime chance to be the main attraction so instead of doing it on a shoestring why not pull out all the stops and make a great show of it?
Around the same, according to Alex Ross who writes for the New Yorker, this kind of rule came into effect that audiences had to be quiet -- no more eating, drinking and yelling at the stage, or gossiping with one another during the show.
Please give me a ticket for the seven o'clock show.
Now, I happened to be in Times Square that night doing a comedy show.
The show was very interesting. You should have seen it.
Sure, it was a nice show, but let's not go overboard.
I would have at the end of the week if the show could only run.
'Once a month, we put on a show to which we Invite all the lowerlevel schools,' explains the event organiser, Fons de Waele.
Not his old act, but he's in the show.
And I understood, this was their election, and they weren't going to let anyone take it away from them.
During the dinner several telegrams were sent to persons interested in the elections.
Their party won the most votes in the election.
Whenever there is an election, it seems like something always goes wrong, someone tries to cheat, or something goes accidentally awry -- a ballot box goes missing here, chads are left hanging over here.
There was silence in the hall, and the Secretary loudly announced that Michael Stepanich Snetkov, Captain of the Guards, was nominated for the post of Provincial Marshal, and that the ballot would now be taken.
Are you going to vote in the upcoming election?
'If, as in former elections, all the districts nominated the Provincial Marshal, he would be elected, receiving white balls from every one.
Tom said that he thought Mary knew who John hoped would win the election.
You know what the headline was the day before the election?
· election of the new Chairperson and Vice-Chairperson of the Scientific Committee
There's no choice in this: that only confirms the reality that the wholeness cannot be different from you, cannot be minus you.
And did I now think Miss Ingram such a choice as Mr. Rochester would be likely to make?
"Well..." sighed Dima, then turned to the shopkeeper and cast her a murderous glance. "I guess I have no choice now..."
For women without dense breasts, mammography is the best choice.
She had no choice but to accept her fate.
Let me ask you a few questions to see if this is a good choice."
The choice is made, and so much the better... a repetition is impossible.'
But he threatened to go to the American Consul, so I had no choice.
Each full EDC and DEP receives one free copy of each of our official publications in the language of its choice (see Point 1.2 as well).
Yes, if you leave me no other choice.
The first day they would take a hike, and it was, click, click, click, click. Five minutes later they were back in the boat.
You should pack a lunch so you'll have something to eat on your hike.
Oh, me and my buddy, Mike, are gonna go on a hike.
That's a six-hour hike, and there are no roads up there.
Want to be my buddy on the hike today?
Yeah, from what I hear, it wasn't too bad of a hike.
My friend Rachel saw a guy giving a girl full-on cunnilingus on a hike just like this on a day just like this.
Maybe a long hike's just what I need.
Or "right now" like, after a hike to the waterfall now?
That's the idea of a wild country hike, big man.
Which, up until now has had the longest known insect migration.
It's kind of a migration based on hydrology.
B. whereas this migration is the human response to decades of development cooperation, the results of which, in the light of the facts, are somewhat debatable,
Come on, guys, we're gonna miss the migration.
The data have been regularly updated ¡n each municipality with entries relating to births, deaths, marriages, divorces and migration.
At their current rate of migration, the pterosaurs will be here by nightfall tomorrow.
The answers will be used to analyze similarities and differences regarding the statistical aspects of the process of asylum and refugee migration in the EC countries.
All the principal series of demographic statistics are covered, namely population by sex and age-group, births, deaths, migration, marriages, divorces, fertility, life expectancy and population projections. Both absolute
I'm covering the migration of grey whales at Point Magoo.
LEGAL BASIS: each state retains full responsibility for migration within its frontiers.
Their path is their own and it looks towards an Afghanistan that will be different.
Although each person follows a different path, our destinations are the same.
In health care terms, you could characterize this as whether or not somebody feels that they see a path towards better health, that they can actually see their way towards getting better health, and that's a very important notion.
One cannot lead them too soon into the path of the Lord, as, moreover, he has himself recommended us to do by the mouth of his Divine Son.
There is a long path from desire to realization.
Now consider a situation in which the motors stay off, the fly continues on its path and it suffers some painful consequence such as getting zapped.
Tom turned upon the back track at once, and hurried his steps.
We have some doubt as to whether he has chosen the right course.
Do not forget, Van Helsing, that over the years those who crossed my path paid for it with their lives and some in very unpleasant ways.
He said the creation of an integrated and united Europe, as fore seen in the Treaties, which has a driving force at all levels, is an absolute necessity today, even more than in the fifties.
They get in the Gulf Stream. They go all the way to Europe.
Drearily I wound my way downstairs: I knew what I had to do, and I did it mechanically.
It was nice of you to come all this way to see me.
I'm looking for a third way: I'm preparing to get Alzheimer's disease.
'At any rate I'll never go there again!' said Alice as she picked her way through the wood. 'It's the stupidest tea-party I ever was at in all my life!'
I admit this may not be the best way of doing it.
Sometimes the best way to test a hypothesis is to consider its most extreme implication.
"Clear up at Whitcross Brow, almost four miles off, and moor and moss all the way."
The old lady was kind enough to show me the way to the station.
- I'll try. There might be some way.
Come around the other way by the pasture."
It does this by stating that all land which was devoted to permanent pasture, permanent crops, forest or non-agricultural use on 31 December 1991 is ineligible for per hectare payments.
The bitterness of a cow disappointed... with the pasture.
It was our last time together in the big pasture... but it was something nobody could ever take away from us.
T h e cffo w s g r a z e on free pasture and produce milk which has a dis-tinctive `wood and leaf' ‹avour.
Oh, Fred, you mean to tell me you don't think the cows don't appreciate the time off when a bull goes over to another pasture?
The criteria would be made more rigorous by taking account of all the adult grazing animals actually present on the farm and ensuring the animals graze during the normal pasture growing season. The qualifying stocking rate would be
And then maybe we'd go out to the pasture and ride their horses, or stop and gather some wildflowers.
It is proposed that the amount of aid which is eligible for financing by the EAGGF shall not exceed 100.000 ECU per joint investment project, 500 ECU per hectare of pasture improved or equipped and 5.000 ECU per hectare irrigated.
Casiano, day after tomorrow we work the horse on the racetrack on the north pasture.
Here is the beaver. And here is the stream, and the aspen and the alder and the willow.
In our Mediterranean forest, there are lots of trees: oak, pine, willow, ash, elm, etc..
Steshka will again sing that romance about a willow tree.
How she had the softest, quietest voice you ever heard, like a willow in a breeze.
Additionally, PGKiM cultivates plantations of fastgrowing willow Salix viminalis to be used for heatingpurposes and takes care of the city’s green areas and parks.
We made Ivan so drunk that he hung onto girls like a goat onto a willow.
Costs for biomass from short rotation coppice willow, in which shoots are harvested from thewillow tree every few years, are in the range of EUR 4.3 to EUR 5.8 per gigajoule (GJ) of energy produced.
The supple willow does not contend against the storm, yet it survives.
Five lifetimes ago, you said I was your willow offering you shade and rest.
When the wind's in the willow a girl hugs her pillow and wishes that she knew his name
And I tell you what, if she does, and this is more than I did for Maria, next time Pug has a litter, I shall give her one of the puppies.
The minimum cage floor area per doe and litter includes the area of the nest box floor.
There's no puppies around here, not since Nellie's last litter.
The minimum cage floor area per doe and litter includes the area of the nest box floor.
You want a litter, and Cate said, without a doubt, that she doesn't want... Any.
The minimum cage floor area per doe and litter includes the area of che nesc box floor.
Because the sae birdi told me you're heartbroken finn hudson didn't choose you to carry his litter.
The minimum cage floor area per doc and litter includes the area of the nest box floor.
You have a cat, shorthaired Persian, two years old, third in a litter of seven.
Minimum cage door area per doe and litter m' cm m' kg
Extinguish the twilight, eclipse the dark I only wish to speak to the pitch in the black.
That ain't a pitch, you gotta get me the ball.
Extinguish the twilight, eclipse the dark I only wish to speak to the pitch in the black.
And he gets the sign, and here's the pitch.
The pitch, the swing, it's going, going, it's still going:
- Oh, come one, one last pitch, please!
You try to anticipate, set a strategy for all the possibilities, but in the end it comes down to throwing one pitch after another and seeing what happens.
One and two the count to Strawberry now as he once again walks around, thinks about what he might see on this next pitch from Sid Fernandez.
When you're getting your pitch, you're hitting .625, massive.
Monty Brewster peers in at his sign and kicks in the first pitch.
We can write down all the laws of physics we know in one line.
The line is worth a hundred pages of fustian. 'Ich wage die Gedanken in der Schale meines Zornes und die Werke mit dem Gewichte meines Grimms.'
Let's begin with the fifth line on page 10.
Soon the first line of the mission statement was deleted, never to appear again.
Renewed hope followed renewed effort: it shone like the former for some weeks, then, like it, it faded, flickered: not a line, not a word reached me.
I didn't understand the meaning of the last line but one.
You can't really -- well, you can't see it at all -- but the second line is really the more kind of payoff, in a sense.
The first was a page so heavenly sweet--so deadly sad--that to read one line of it would dissolve my courage and break down my energy.
[In French accent] The famous "feed you your socks" line... from the Pulitzer Prize winning play, Right on Ruth by Margaret Hanley.
Before I proceed, let me draw your attention to the fact that one line has been removed from the explanatory statement.
You don't see any symmetry twice in any row or column.
New evidence comes out. I just change a row on a spreadsheet.
Each number can only appear once in every row, column and box.
Deducting subsidies linked to production gives a net tax burden of ECU 3.3 thousand million for this industry at the production stage (row 33).
This entire row here, they'll all have dormer windows above the front elevation.
(*) For example, figures in the UEBL row represent investment by UEBL in other EUR 12 countries, as they are recorded by these countries.
As you can see, the length of the row means there's a finite number of ways it can be moved within the dimensions of elevator.
TABLE 2: Percentage changes of currency bilateral central rates in row against currency in column
TABLE 2: Percentage changes of bilateral central rates ol currency in row against currency in column
Fourthly, the financial account gives the net acquisition of external financial assets (cell 18,8) and net lending of the rest of the world (cell 18,1 7) in the row, and the net Incurrence of external liabilities (cell 8,18) in the column.
If you're living in Iran, you're facing censorship, harassment, arrest, torture -- at times, execution.
Meanwhile the PIRATE Party offers space on an internet server of theirs to all CDU groupings in Kassel that are affected by censorship by means of the party leaders.
Well my theory is that it's happening because censorship actually is less effective than you think it is in many of those places.
In plain English, that means censorship and surveillance of their users.
This picture is the hallmark of censorship in the book record.
Mr. Phipps, what is your attitude towards censorship in a public library?
Yet by banning all forms of censorship, the general public — including the very young — can be exposed to the visual portrayal of the most sadistic scenes of violence and brutality.
"I'll be happy to play it from the waist up nude if you can get it past the censors."
It is the first time a power hosting a UN conference has imposed such censorship.
Finally, here are some gratuitous pictures of penises to annoy the censors and hopefully spark controversy, which is the only way to get the jaded video-sated public off their asses and back in the cinema.
I just want to be sure that the grade I got is... what I deserve.
One third of your grade will be dependent on those papers.
He had to get this in for some grade, and he was desperate.
Each time you get a bad grade, you live here for a while.
So attendance is part of my grade all of a sudden?
You want to get Rachel back for the grade.
Well, the other students wouldn't Like that, would they? If one student gets to retake the test until he gets a grade he likes?
All seven of you will share a microscope, one bench, and one grade that I will average.
- Who cares? It's only a grade.
If I got a good grade, it was banana pudding. Oh, I loved...
I'm a witness, and I want my testimony to be honest and uncensored.
Gudule made an effort and said,−− "That one above all." The unanimous testimony of the men of the watch confirmed the old sergeant's words to the provost.
One testimony about how I find music is powerful is when I was still a soldier back then.
But I am thinking too of its rich architectural heritage which, despite being virtually des troyed in the second world war - Dresden, for example -is still a living testimony to an architectural and artistic tradition which is unique.
I will wait until she gives testimony at your court-martial.
All in all, this 1,400 m2 area represents an impressive testimony to Sami culture and folklore - right down to the style of the museum, built by combining stone, wood and peat.
Then do this in testimony to the one who will follow who will bring death couched in the promise of new life... and renewal disguised as defeat.
While they provide important evidence of the values of a particular cultural group, they can by no means replace the productions of other groups (more functional documents, non-standard language, etc.).
It's your last day of classes today, then come the report cards, and then you start high school, finally.
Mr Sutra. — (FR) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, we will, of course, support this constructive report, which can be summed up in three words: the budget, winegrowing and the political context.
I just received my son's end-of-term report and I don't dare show my husband.
Here is another report on the situation, ladies and gentlemen:
The just man shall be in everlasting remembrance, an evil report, he shall not fear.
The term 'slips' refers to a system by which each teacher completes a slip of paper, commonly about 18 cm χ 8 cm, and the slips are stapled into a composite report.
You should see her report from last year. As and Bs.
Finally, in Slovenia, since 2008, music lessons taken in an academy or conservatoire can be included in the school report if the pupil takes the subject as an option.
I would not hear your enemy say so, nor shall you do my ear that violence to make it truster of your own report against yourself.
disappointing, and as the second periodic report on the socio-economic condition of the Community's regions makes clear, the situation is deteriorating.
No sense saving the third platoon just to bury us, Joe.
I'll keep the third platoon in reserve until we get up there.
Risk a whole company for the remains of one platoon?
If the first platoon gets pinned, we can cover them.
I don't want to put the whole platoon in a wringer.
I want clean weapons in this platoon because we're going to kill japs.
Tsugi, you stick with the first platoon. I'll stay with the second.
Hey, lieutenant, you sure you got the right platoon?
OK, now you can bring up the third platoon.
Sending one platoon in here like that. Plain crazy, Lieutenant.
I hadn't swum for 31 years, not a stroke.
But the current that day was so strong that for every stroke I took, I was pushed back two.
I told you kidnapping the Sith Lord was a stroke of brilliance.
But I can't swim bloody stroke I'm Barnacle Bill, the sailor
I'll drink, fight, fuck and smoke, but I can't swim a bloody stroke
Just a little stroke I picked up out in space.
Knowing each stroke out was one we'd have to make back.
But you can get on a German ICE train and make it almost to Albania.
He may have missed the train and be back already. Wanting to humiliate yourself again!' she said to herself.
The train from Geneva will arrive at the station.
The fun part is, I'm going to the Boston metro, and playing a pong game inside the train on the ground, right?
'The train is at three?' asked the German, 'I must not miss it.'
The bell rang, and the train began to move.
I heard the most incredible story today when I was on the train coming here.
In the evening I had only just gone to my room when my Mary told me that at the station a lady had thrown herself under a train.
Some people went by bus, and others by train.
Eagle Tail says last time he seen him, he was headed for the train.
Half the coral reefs are still in pretty good shape, a jeweled belt around the middle of the planet.
Oh, Mama. You're in terrible shape.
If the finish on your car is in good shape, what you need is a mild abrasive before you wax.
The 40-tonne cranes have hydraulic controls, so it was necessary to add sensors to generate the data in elec tronic form.
Her thoughts at the precise moment she was trapped determined its shape and form.
Using this method of determining the corrosion rate it was easy to vary the humidity of the air in which the corrosion reaction took place, or to add water to the rust in liquid form.
On the homeworld are you always in the Link or do you sometimes take solid form?
You certainly were in rough shape at the O'Leary party last night.
Now, I think that this is a great metaphor for the state of architecture and architects today.
Mr. St. John came but once: he looked at me, and said my state of lethargy was the result of reaction from excessive and protracted fatigue.
I cannot show my teeth. They are in a bad state.
And the majority of these white tigers are not born in a salable state and are killed at birth.
He had expected to find him in that state of self-deception which, he had heard, was frequent in consumptive cases and which had so struck him at the time of his brother's visit to him in the autumn.
The process by which substances are turned directly from a solid state into a gas is called sublimation.
It is a natural state in everything that is alive, including hominids.
What was most painful in his situation was his inability to reconcile his past life with the present state of things.
You can tell a lot about a person by the state of their garden.
I haven't seen him in such a state since he was kicked in the head by a polo pony.
In fact, that one is a carbon-oxygen dwarf.
Once upon a time there was a dwarf who lived in the woods.
The blue whale, it's a dwarf if compared with the real biggest creature that exists on the planet -- that is, this wonderful, magnificent Sequoiadendron giganteum.
Once upon a time there was a dwarf that lived in the forest.
You're a conceited lizard, a lying dwarf, you're lower than a rapist.
Europe must therefore cease being an economic giant and a political dwarf.
The Union cannot continue another day as an economic giant and a social, political and cultural dwarf.
- Well, listen up, you sky-blue dwarf, you!
They do not understand why our combined national defence budgets come to a hundred billion ecus and Europe still remains a political dwarf.
You open up a can, and look upon a shriveled-up dwarf who says: "Good day, dear mother!"
Maybe because he's a midget, I don't know.
Large as it is, Stena Line is a midget compared with the multinational automobile manufacturer Volksvagen, with a quarter of a million employees worldwide, 95,000 of them in Germany.
This is the midget version. This makes me look like a professional.
Look, Harrison, it's not about the money or the midget.
Comes home, sees his wife is in bed with a midget... and she's been fucking him while he's out of town.
You flip me for some stranger who'll do it for peanuts and who happens to work with a real midget.
I know they're not for him, you fat midget.
I felt puny and absurd. A ludicrous midget.
There was a midget in a red suit and a beautiful woman.
And tell that midget not to be shy with the whip.
