Kate says you're an ace at copyright law.
You know, you might want to cool your jets there, ace.
I thought our intrepid air ace might be the first man through the sound barrier.
What is an ace like you doing in a place like this?
I'm sure you're a real ace at whatever it is that you do do.
I came to you because I wanted an ace on this. The best.
Come on, you'd be an ace for undercover work.
"Sir Augustus Stilton, World War I flying ace, blah, blah, blah dies under mysterious circumstances."
I'm no Ace, but I know how to start a plane.
So here: 10, jack, queen, king, ace.
And now, look, ace of diamonds will guide.
It's like the ace that keeps coming up.
All right, so we have the ace of spades in the elevator to Peter Coe.
It woke me in the middle of the night, saying that the ace of spades was climbing the stairs.
[Laughing] A deuce in the hole in this game is good as an ace.
Sure hope he's got an ace up his sleeve.
A four, a six, a nine, an ace and a seven?
You're Trippe's ace, the new face of the jet age.
I'm not sure what four nines does, but the ace, I think, is pretty high.
One gram's 80,000 individuals, 80,000 individuals are good enough to control one acre, 4,000 square meters, of a strawberry plot against spider mites for the whole season of almost one year.
Your boys have got about a acre of lumber to haul, dingus.
An acre is the area of a rectangle... whose length is one furlong... and whose width is one chain.
Twenty per acre for ten years, is that up front?
"Now would I give a thousand furlongs of sea... - for an acre of barren ground. - Oh, shit.
He said he'd bought the whole acre for me.
An acre is 4,840 square yards, or ten cricket pitches long by one wide.
An acre is the area of a rectangle... whose length is one furlong... and whose width is one chain.
But I did get you an acre of property on the moon.
Drew, is it true that the marshlands down on the Wastes are fetching £100 an acre now?
So, you know, in terms of one designed for maximum yield, you would be able to feed probably ten people an acre on a maximum yield forest garden.
somebody claims that to have planted an acre of grass in the third world;
We'll compromise on an acre of land and some tools for each block.
Could be an acre of wheat. Could be Walter's old bird-dog, Jim...
As I remember, you can irrigate one acre with about 15,000 cubic feet of water.
The fact is, that explosion took out an entire acre, and the reason Chloe's casket is empty is... it's because there wasn't anything left.
In a town as old as Pawnee, there's a lot of history in every acre.
That's roughly double the amount of people that we can currently feed from an average acre of conventional arable farmland.
Eliza, I don't have a dollar to my name An acre of land, a troop to command, a dollop of fame
You're talking sweet chestnuts, two tonnes an acre or something, which is pretty much what you get growing wheat organically.
Anchor: For anyone who suffers from migraine headaches -- and there are 30 million Americans who do -- tonight: a possible answer.
You've got everyone-- You've got the president of the news division, the editor and anchor in chief, the EP,
Our top story, Channel Five News anchor, Torn Tucker, has a meltdown at a local comedy club.
When was the last time an anchor stayed off TV for three years and ever came back?
If every rumour in this region were taken as fact, then well, then, personally I would know for a fact that TV2 news anchor Ido Zamir would be standing here beside me right now and I'd be bouncing our love child on my hip.
- And while we're on the subject, ACN's star anchor is a Republican who spends an awful lot of airtime reporting stories about crazy Republicans being crazy.
Is it because he's better looking or simply because he's the better anchor?
I'm the producer of "Daybreak" and we're actually looking for a new anchor.
I needed an anchor, an image, a peg to peg this process on, so that I could go from there.
He realized that this Association was merely an anchor to save his brother from self-contempt.
They usually use an anchor to hold a yacht in place.
The Atlantic Light passed the Key Bridge at 2300 hours... and laid up at anchor, 2,000 yards off Patapsco... until 0600 hours, when it docked.
Now behold Jonah... taken up as an anchor and dropped into the sea... into the dreadful jaws awaiting him.
I never slept better. I had the most wonderful dream. I was still on the yacht and the anchor broke loose.
It's kind of like saving an anchor when you're stuck without a boat in the middle of the ocean.
We could set her at anchor and come back with two or three tugs.
So he's just an anchor, weighing you and your family down, sapping your energy, wasting your life?
Kind of like this anchor weighing you down to one spot... forever.
Right, go check the atrium, make sure we can contain it.
I got to find a way to introduce some wood into Bilson's dark atrium.
He's out of the atrium, but I can't tell his location.
It's a huge, domed atrium, filled with natural light.
I do this so that the air conditioning can fake the sensation of flowing oxygen into our stuffy, claustrophobic, "open-air atrium."
Let's just take out the atrium and run with that and there's your drain.
They're listening to albums in other rooms in Paisley Park. They bring them into the atrium with the high ceilings, and there's a cage with doves in it.
You can see the atrium and the ventricles, how blood flows to our arteries and veins.
When you moved the atrium to the vena cava, why did you switch from 3-0 to 5-0 sutures?
Through the superior vena cava... into the right atrium... through the tricuspid valve... and lodging to the wall of the right ventricle.
The whole left atrium is torn where that clot was adhered.
The swinging motion of the myxoma intermittently blocked the flow of blood through the right atrium.
The Proteus will proceed to the entrance of the right atrium, at which point the heart will be stopped, by electric shock.
Then I'llopen your chest and put you on bypass, at which point we will connect the left atrium
Dad went to the bank because he was short of mоnеу.
How about that? Do you think your bank is going to show that to people?
The bank opens at 9 a.m. and closes at 3 p.m.
Because I imagine the director: "Maz, I think your character would rob the bank with a bomb around him."
They would have gotten a better exchange rate if they had gone to a bank.
The bank reassured us that our money was safe.
So if you're going to build a seed bank, you have to decide what you're going to store in it. Right?
The 50 percent that goes in their house account, every six months, goes to the bank.
Yesterday an ex-soldier, named George Taylor... showed up at a bank with a letter from Cravat.
Why his? - I suggest that you destroy the key, remove the barrels, and leave the bank as you found it.
Fallen into the river with a broken tibula, fibula, explained why she never made it back to the bank.
Serena's locked down the left bank and become a muse to us all.
What if I shine a beam of light at you on the bank from my boat?
whenever I fought with Brother, I would always hunch down on the bank of the river.
The bank's muddy, so we didn't want to get too close in case there was any prints, but DC Whelan climbed down the rocks for a look.
The bank goes down at each side obviously, we build up the approach area with these baskets of stones, make vertical piles out of bamboo like this, these longerons I'm calling them, they are bamboo lashed together, these will go this way...
I am the bank of the vast river that You are.
By the time I got back to the bank, he wasn't there.
I just came to drop this stuff so you pass it to the other bank.
You run to the bank and explain all to Harald.
Tree bark is particularly good because it's nice and grainy, branchy, black-and-white splotchy and you can get the pattern-seeking -- humans are pattern-seeking animals.
You're lying, that's not abalone, it's just some tree bark.
I need fennel root for those with fever, willow bark.
Heavy shit-- like ferns and whatnot bursting all around us, bark flying off of trees.
The bark will stop the transformation for now, but Luke needs an antidote to stop the poison in his system.
Henbane, bark of mandrake and juice of lettuce.
Exactly and in fact it is the bark from a tree, which doesn't take that much skill.
But at least these monkeys have a choice. If they tired of tree bark and other survival food, they can always descend to lower, warmer altitudes and not return until spring.
Branches of birth on the tree of life, leaves of desire and bark of strife.
Bark of the iboga plant... medicinal tea... we discussed... hallucinogenic.
And it carried 56 people at the speed of a Buick at an altitude you could hear dogs bark, and it cost twice as much as a first-class cabin on the Normandie to fly it.
That reminds him of the word baroque, barrack, bark, poodle, Suzanne R. -- he's off to the races.
I didn't have to lock the doors at night or panic every time I heard a dog bark or a car in the street.
A bark really seems to me the stupidest cry...
You said that with the testy bark of an old biddy.
Well, in my experience, Cynthia's bark's always been a lot worse than her bite, but I get where you're coming from.
Carson: Savannah Berry wins team Blake's battle round and moves on to the knockout. Congratulations.
That barefoot thing would have gotten him axed before the battle rounds on The Voice.
I really hope to win this battle by putting my own personality into the song.
While our coaches get settled, let's meet Usher's a first battle pair of the night.
With their battle approaching, Jess and Taylor have one last rehearsal with Usher.
I'm going to go into this battle with absolutely no idea of what to do.
What battle? The two teams are going against each other and, they're going to decide who goes out to perform.
While our coaches get ready to take their chairs, let's take a look at Usher's first battle pair.
Finally. Before the Internet, the last great terror to rain down on the content industry was a terror created by this technology. Broadcasting: a new way to spread content, and therefore a new battle over the control of the businesses that would spread content.
And they began talking about the latest war news, each concealing from the other his perplexity as to whom to-morrow's battle was to be with, since the Turks, according to the latest intelligence, had been beaten at all points.
Of course, it's a very short-term-ist strategy; it's a losing battle, because the things that are causing the pathology are becoming more abundant as time goes on.
Yes, they have been beaten a third time, but a decisive battle is expected to-morrow.'
And the reason it's a losing battle is because the damage is continuing to accumulate.
They were talking of the latest telegram, confirming the report that for three consecutive days the Turks had been beaten at all points and were in flight, and that a decisive battle was expected next day.
The battle against corruption exacts a toll on ourselves, our families, our friends, and even our kids.
The third set of ideas are what I call as "ideas that we argue about" -- those are ideas where we have a fight, an ideological battle about how to do things.
By that time, the battle against HIV would already have been lost.
There's to be a battle tomorrow, and with a hundred thousand troops, we must reckon on 20 thousand wounded at least.
And I can light up the Nutmeg like a beacon.
It may be possible to construct a beacon by connecting these components to the shuttle's deflector.
Listen, Doctor, the Cybermen are loading this beacon with bombs and -they're going to smash it into Voga.
Leon Bronstein, the shining beacon of hope for the great revolution?
If you go using your powers, drawing from the source, you're gonna be like a beacon for them.
Your best plan is to get off this beacon before the Vogans...
-Commander, tell Vorus the Cybermen have abandoned the beacon.
"A beacon of hope shining light on the truth"?
That ship sailing down from Falmouth in the gale. Somewhere on the shore, a beacon is going out.
You will climb to the summit and place the explosives on the beacon.
And, Captain, the implant also contains a homing beacon, which we'II be able to pick up no matter how far into the sanctuary you go.
I'll build a distress beacon, but I suggest you find another power source.
It is working, but all I'm getting is some kind of airport beacon.
If you hadn't rigged that stupid distress beacon when we came here, I would've let you use electronic equipment.
Something's overriding our homing beacon, pulling us off course.
Look at this magnificent beast and ask the question -- who designed it?
How dare you try to fuck me, you filthy beast!
I'm a pig, an animal, a beast, but you'd let me kiss you.
And what rough beast, its hour come round at last, slouches toward Bethlehem to be born?
And though Old Mother was pleased in her heart to see Evolet so happy, she feared in her soul that the one who had slain the mighty beast did not have the courage for what was to come.
Your sarcasm is wasted on me, you giant pregnant beast.
He is delicate and sensible, not a beast like you!
And I wanna fuck you until we merge into a chimera a mythical beast with penis and vagina eternally fused two pairs of eyes that look only at each other and lips ever touching.
When they attacked a man or a beast... They could sting him to death too...
He read the message, he scrawled a reply, and he set the beast free. I tracked it here.
Meantime in the church every one was waiting for the bridegroom; while he was pacing up and down like a caged beast, looking despairingly along the corridor, remembering all he had said to Kitty and wondering what she must be thinking now.
You're a beast! You haven't even missed one question!
THE SPORTSMAN'S SAYING, that if you don't miss your first beast or first bird your day will be successful was justified.
The beast walks sideways on the wet sand of the beach, with its nose pointed into the wind.
Certainly not, but they might have the tamed beast we're looking for.
I do not know if high or low, but did you ever hear of a beast or of a plant that turned itself into a human being?
- See? He's a beast! He was in 36 Kappa unit.
"And when they shall have finished their testimony, the beast that ascendeth out of the bottomless pit shall make war against them, and shall overcome them and kill them." - Laura?
I got about 50 feet out, when suddenly the great beast appeared before me.
The fear in each one of them is the beast which will consume him.
You know your daddy's out on bond, don't you?
We need to post bond in 45 minutes, or they'll transport you to County for processing.
Now, given your ties to the community, I see no reason to deny you bond, which I set now at $2,500.
Is there any chance the bond would be rescinded due to financial issues or any other reasons?
Listen, when... when the kid called me after his mother put up the bond, I was at a used-car dealership in Morro Bay buying a pre-owned Buick Regal. Honest to God.
I've got a mouthpiece here who can spring me if I put up bond.
We ask that Dr. Brennan be released on bond so that he can go back to work.
Is the alleged killer in this cas e- antonio reyes-- Has just been released on $500,000 bond.
We hold the bond on Jessup Dolly, and now he's a runner, it looks like.
Al Caldwell and the Christian League offered to pay their bond.
As these two animals form a social bond, their distinctive whistles actually converge and become very similar.
This bond can only be broken by a crime, and that kind of crime brings its punishment.'
"Human males and females develop a special bond, and when they're much older, much, much older than you, and they have a very special feeling, then they can be naked together."
The whole system of farming, and above all the position of the people, must be completely altered: instead of poverty – wealth and satisfaction for all; instead of hostility – concord and a bond of common interest.
However, there is a close, permanently maintained bond between the body regulating parts of my brain and my own body.
The Greeks believed that weeping together created a bond between people.
It has one double bond, it has an alcohol on the end, so it’s "ol," and that’s why they call it cis-3-hexene-1-ol.
They've discovered a new bond, a new material for transparent solar cells.
The human mind can arise from neurobiology and a lot of accidents, the way the chemical bond arises from physics and certain accidents.
I guess you just can't understand that special bond between dad and son, given that your own father's ashamed of you.
And finally, the bow of the Titanic, without movie stars, photographed by Emory Kristof.
Even if the back stays hold at such an angle, and I wager they won't, the load on the sails will exceed capacity and she'll dig in hard at the bow.
So now as the bow goes down, the stern rises up, slow at first, then faster and faster, until she's got her whole ass up in the air.
So it should be like a ship's bow, you know, like full-on Leo and Kate, like all of those old, old pictures.
As the bow sinks it pulls the stern vertical and then finally detaches.
So as he comes up from his first bow he says, "My Lord, I'm so happy to see you, but where have you been for 12 years?
'Why is she displeased with him?' thought Kitty, noticing that Anna had intentionally taken no notice of Vronsky's bow.
The hurdy-gurdy is the only musical instrument that uses a crank to turn a wheel to rub strings, like the bow of a violin, to produce music.
She also noticed how coldly her father at last responded to Vronsky's bow, and with what good-natured perplexity Vronsky looked at him, trying, but failing, to understand how it was possible not to be friendly disposed toward him, and she blushed.
that was terrible. Everybody wave to Penelope and take a bow.
Not words that are pre-tested and reworked, sanded down wrapped in a bow.
Why don't you leave before I use this bow on you in a way you've only imagined?
And it's plain to the meanest intelligence that you have recently acquired a new bow for your violin.
James Spurlock, you can finally take your bow.
Eh, it's not my favorite exit of his, but it beats the dramatic stage bow.
We have a brain for one reason and one reason only, and that's to produce adaptable and complex movements.
I assure you that I'm completely content with my brain.
Your brain is doing something that computers cannot yet do.
There are days where I feel like my brain wants to abandon me.
And your motor command saying there is an arm, and, because of this conflict, the brain says, to hell with it, there is no phantom, there is no arm, right?
They say Tom's brain isn't functioning anymore.
And then from about 500 years ago, humans began to link up globally through shipping, through trains, through telegraph, through the Internet, until now we seem to form a single global brain of almost seven billion individuals.
And the first thing it does in implanting on that rock, which it never leaves, is to digest its own brain and nervous system for food.
In investigating the child's brain, we're going to uncover deep truths about what it means to be human, and in the process, we may be able to help keep our own minds open to learning for our entire lives.
Now wait a minute, you may say, how can you go straight to controlling the brain without understanding it first?
So the human brain, coupled with the human heart, and we join hands around the world.
The brain isn't actually putting the detail in your head at all.
Marco Tempest: Now Tesla's brain worked in the most extraordinary way.
The brain just makes you think that it's got the detail there.
Your brain is actually computing that boundary, the boundary that goes right there.
Lord Hollingford's a good man, Father, and he's got a first-class scientific brain.
I'm not pitting my brain against your brawn.
How could me small heart, and capricious insignificant brain Rise to such a revelation of truth?
We need a brain in Paris, that's me.
His brain didn't respond to conditioning but he wasn't a con man.
It turned out that -- Len grew up in Long Island and he played football and watched football, and played bridge -- Len is in the bottom five percent of what we call positive affectivities.
And I always tell her that I find myself with a lot of time on the computer bridge program.
I used to play bridge with my mother in her bedroom.
- I was wondering... if you'd like to play bridge with me next week?
I would rather share a bed with the Chief Inspector Japp and three of his sergeants than to be partnered at bridge with the Lady Carrington. Yes, I've been hearing about her from the chauffeur.
Marriage is her hobby, like bridge or dog-breeding.
You see them in the best hotels every day by the thousands, drinking the money, eating the money, losing the money at bridge, playing all day and all night, smelling of money.
Now, Martin, that's too bad, but I'm playing bridge.
Father never goes out, and Mother just goes to her bridge clubs, and I'm no trouble.
I've only a hundred pounds a year, and I can't play bridge. And I was never very close to my parents.
There is a glass bridge that you walk across that’s suspended in space.
'Yes, that goes without saying,' replied the celebrity, and again looked at his watch. 'Excuse me, has the bridge over the Yauza been repaired, or has one still to drive round?' he asked.
The bridge between Denmark and Sweden is almost five miles long.
So the image that I like to think of, instead of glass ceiling, is the high bridge.
The abyss was real life; the bridge was the artificial life Karenin had been living.
The world is a narrow bridge, the main thing is to fear nothing.
Think of the bridge as being like this platform.
And then show me what it was like when the bridge started to go. Right.
So we go a bit further. We switch to the satellite view, and we find another bridge, and everything starts to line up.
Now this gentleman, Isambard Kingdom Brunel, designed many great things in his career in the 19th century, including the Clifton suspension bridge in Bristol and the Thames tunnel at Rotherhithe.
Even those mundane, hateful, plastic grocery bags can become a bridge stronger than anyone imagined.
Where's the captain's bridge at our cottage?
Captain Kirk, Mr. Spock would like to see you on the Bridge.
Don't leave the bridge, and I'll talk to you later.
And this is the bridge, nerve centre of the whole operation.
I have shut off the life-support system to your bridge, jammed up your exit routes.
How does it feel to be back on the Enterprise bridge, Captain Kirk?
I want all your senior supervisors to report to the bridge immediately.
I could call the chief on the bridge if anything happened.
Spock calls me to the bridge and goes into some kind of poetry.
You know, I couldn't have my boy running around looking like no bum.
Well, we'll never know how much cash was lost, but I just saw a bum eating oysters at Madeline's.
Oh, Dad, he's not a bum.
Maybe end up on the street like your bum? The answer is "no."
It's the same one, Unless that bum's on a masturbation tour of Manhattan.
I watched a bum eat a rat and I was like, "So... I smelled 200 farts when I was six."
And I'm just some bum just living in your crib, just nothing.
...for not reporting a bum's missing pair of pants.
We even have the same bum looking at us.
It was stole by my bum of an ex-employee a month ago.
I forgot what a bum without a tail feels like.
I just want to attack him and rip his stupid clothes off and just spank him with his little paddle until his bum's all red.
Final order--you get back to work right now... stinking Swedish bum!
Do you want your bum to look like a warzone after so many flu shots?
See, I got a bum knee, pardon the pun, that acts up when it rains.
She thinks I'm a bum like your first husband, right?
Seems like a legend and an out-of-work bum look a lot alike, Daddy.
You know, what I always forget is, because I'm happy, you know, because I'm just being me, I can't help it if I'm a funny old cow with a loud mouth and a big bum!
What, because I'm a ski bum, a dumb jock?
Everybody pays the price... even a bum like me.
Yeah, I put the whole bunch in a colander, and I just let the cold water run right over them.
"Mike Sr. sucks a whole bunch, much more than his neighbor Rallo."
Hüseyin will have sleepless nights just because a bunch of grapes was picked.
I remember one day a vintager gave us a bunch of grapes out of charity.
Remember when we hid that bunch of rotting bananas in your dance bag?
I seen big house once, in San Francisco, with a thousand lights, hanging like ... one big bunch of grapes in a branch on the ceiling.
I would swear to God that we finished that bunch too quickly, and that you've eaten the grapes three at a time.
I'm essentially best friends with the guy so a bunch of my buds are coming.
It's not a party, it's a bunch of people sitting around in the dark, texting.
Bart, you have to treat girls like they matter, not like they're a bunch of Milhice.
- I got the idea watching The Great Escape on TCM one night, how that ragtag bunch of heroes worked together to be greater than the sum of their parts.
You know spies... a bunch of bitchy little girls.
Only this hotel and a bunch of investment bankers who are meeting here later tonight.
Meanwhile, you got the wild bunch chasing him down like a dog on the street.
Carlos, do you have any idea why there's a bunch of reporters outside looking for us?
But, what, a bunch of porn actors broke in here and forced you to film them instead?
That whole school of yours is just a bunch of actors so janky-looking no one will write lines for them, so you have to make them up yourself.
Pass the gravy. Don't tell me you didn't reserve a campsite.
NARRATOR: Now we return to this campsite in Belgium.
Go to the Iron Horse Campsite, 30 miles off Highway 61 at the Holston Exit.
Thanks for bringing us to the jaggedy-est campsite ever.
Every holiday, we'd go to this place in Wales, this campsite.
Our families shared a campsite in the UP when our dads got work cutting trees.
I was thinking we should give another campsite a go tonight.
Oh, man, you want to get a good campsite, you got to get online eight months in advance.
Okay, George, why don't you take the lead, take the boys out to the campsite.
Off there in the distance is his bay and his campsite where he battled his demons.
No, they're back at the campsite, but there's fresh water nearby, and ye look like ye could use it.
You'll know you've reached my campsite when you see a lantern.
He said he found another campsite, but he wasn't down at the trailhead.
Then, when I arrived here and saw your campsite abandoned, I feared the worst.
Campsite's about a half a mile on the other side of this gorge.
So, this was the original Frank Party campsite and we found their old ship-timber hut here.
The next day we went to the campsite but the gypsies had disappeared during the night.
Like Deni was saying Mr. Weenie is over the trees, past the lake and the mountain at the campsite with some dogs.
Staff canteen, dormitory, factories, government offices.
All staff are reminded that the canteen area now operates a self-cleaning table system.
It's only a glorified canteen, for God's sake.
Supposedly there's a very good canteen there. A lot of vodka.
There's everything else you'd expect a man camping out on a volcano to carry with him - a tent, binoculars, walkie-talkie, mobile, sandwiches, water canteen.
My canteen had sprung a leak, and I was thirsty.
Next time you carry the canteen, I'm gonna gulp.
Stem, ammunition, pack, canteen, knife.
Case dismissed without prejudice or refiling in small claims court.
Now, as mentioned before, one of the reasons I can talk to you about this is because there's no non-disclosure agreement on this case.
You lay down your arms, come in peaceably... he'll reopen your case against Ballard.
All due respect, as a prosecutor don't you want to make a case?
I won't be surprised if the judge throws out the whole case!
I just know I can convince her to drop this case, I know it.
I think that I have a defamation case against her.
So, the Bowen children don't have a case against the Biltmans.
- First of all, the case could turn on this proceeding. And second, as I mentioned, we have several medical corporations... potential clients, taking a key interest...
Most can't even get a lawyer to take on an individual case of this nature.
If we had the money to buy the case, we wouldn't have hired you to steal it, would we?
Uncle Gyuri sent me to tell Auntie Tünde that all that you asked has been arranged, and the organising of the whole thing is under way, so I'm to bring your case here this evening, right away.
If Caesar hates Johnnie as much as you say, when he opens that case... he's gonna know in his gut that Johnnie just fucked him.
He knows they'll kill him for the case rather than pay him for it.
If you don't open that case, I'm gonna unload in your fucking face.
Just like I know why you wanted that Haliburton case so bad.
How long did you have that case full of guns before you decided the rest of us needed to know?
Believe if they had the brass to put that case in the trunk of their family sedan and speed away, they just might have a chance at being an honest-to-gosh outlaw.
Before I left for Sydney, the marshal who was escorting me, he had this silver case.
We don't like to rush, but your case has been packed
It's able to feel when the cell is ready, when the chromosome is correctly positioned.
In fact, this aromatase is so important in breast cancer that the latest treatment for breast cancer is a chemical called letrozole, which blocks aromatase, blocks estrogen, so that if you developed a mutated cell, it doesn't grow into a tumor.
And the cell will actually manufacture the parts that it needs on the fly, from information that's brought from the nucleus by molecules that read the genes.
But now as the rat explores around, each individual cell fires in a whole array of different locations which are laid out across the environment in an amazingly regular triangular grid.
But every cell in your body is replaced at some point.
The magic of the mechanisms inside each genetic structure saying exactly where that nerve cell should go -- the complexity of these mathematical models of how these things are indeed done are beyond human comprehension.
So if it's a cell or a termite or a bird, you just focus on the rules of interaction.
And the way bacteria make a living is that they consume nutrients from the environment, they grow to twice their size, they cut themselves down in the middle, and one cell becomes two, and so on and so on.
It's particularly astonishing because each one of these organisms, each subsystem, each cell type, each gene, has evolved in its own unique environmental niche with its own unique history.
And I want you to look at this and see the paths that the cell manufactures -- these little walking machines, they're called kinesins -- that take these huge loads that would challenge an ant in relative size.
Raina thinks that the cell is about to attack a target, but we don't know what that target is.
We think whoever's calling the shots has a cell working there.
The cell you infiltrated... they didn't really kidnap me.
The cell is cleaning house again, just like they did with the Gateway bombing.
I'm saying we just found an Al Qaeda cell trying to smuggle America's most wanted terrorist into Iran and we take them out with that drone.
I assumed he meant a cell that was in... San Fernando or Santa Monica.
She's a member of Adrian cross' group, open cell.
There's an IRK splinter cell trying to smuggle weapons-grade uranium into the city.
Well, we would, but Sammy revealed to us some information about a potential attack that the cell was planning for two days from now, and it's supposed to involve major casualties within the city.
Because if we don't come back, our cell releases incriminating photos of Sabine, and she'll be shot for treason.
Knowing the sky, knowing your relationship with the sky, is the center of the real answer to knowing what time it is.
These particular people, rather than getting AK-47s, or weapons of mass destruction, or machetes, in the spirit of the warrior, have gone into the center, the heart of pain, of loss.
The key is baking it until it's set but still trembling in the center.
It's-it's amazing, off the charts, and at the center of their special love is understanding... (clears his throat) ...forgiveness, second chances.
This emptying out of everything right at the very center of your being,
And inside, the daylight -- each one is an optic and it brings light into the center.
The fire, driven by an east wind, destroyed the center of the city.
The other thing about modern society and why it causes this anxiety is that we have nothing at its center that is non-human.
A dictatorship means, by definition, one center of power.
Then it goes to a diagnostic center, and within one minute of your heart attack, your signal appears on the screen of a computer and the computer analyzes what your problem is.
The fire, driven by an east wind, destroyed the center of the city.
The big news that I want to announce today is that next month we will be bringing in the very last bear of India, into our rescue center.
And we live in the middle of it, so when we look towards the center, we see this plane which defines the plane of the galaxy, or line that defines the plane of the galaxy.
On the first occasion, for mentioning the word venereal disease in public, which -- we had a center where we would help young people who had problems.
Then it goes to a network operations center, where they get your data from your patient database that's been put in at some central location, say, in the United States.
The next thing you know, you're looking back instead of forward, and now, at the climax of all those years of worry, sleepless nights, and denials,
A spectacular climax to what has been a thrilling opening ceremony, with more than 12,000...
People who like me, the family, the fans, they never forget about it because it's the climax of a year's work, of a career that started when I was 11 years old, playing football always with the goal of being the best,
So, my interest in football ended as suddenly and dramatically as the climax of "West Side Story."
He said he found the climax to be "overdrawn."
And now, I present the world's smallest little elephant who will spring from this springboard in one spring to the top of this pyramid, waving his little flag for a grand climax.
Not really the explosive climax I thought it was gonna be.
Sweetheart, you and I both know that deep down, you're only interested in your own climax.
I once read an article which said that a man's climax... on average lasts for about 10 seconds.
I once read an article which said.... that a man's climax... on average lasts for about 10 seconds.
In movies, people climax together, more or less.
The idea is you can drive this to a railway station and then you pop it on a train or a coach, go to the next city and you can use it there as well.
Very well. We took the train then a coach.
That coach is one of your Gina's graduation pieces, which I know cos she offered to make me one for silly money.
We were getting on the crew coach to bring us to the hotel.
I'd get my coach over there... and you would have done more than your bit for the future of humanity.
There's a coach up to Victoria and then, I imagine, a train up to Chichester.
"Catch the coach, quickly, "so we can snapchat this picture of a poo I've done."
You wore them in the morning but after Mum dropped you off at the bus stop, you'd take them off, put them in your backpack, put on some pumps and be back on your toes by the time the coach pulled up.
Let's get fucked, burn it to the ground, dance on the embers, and then you can get on your coach.
Leaving from platform 5, through coach to Dallas... Philadelphia, Columbus, Indianapolis, Terre Haute,
I can remember speaking to a 12-year-old boy, a football player, and I asked him, I said, "How would you feel if, in front of all the players, your coach told you you were playing like a girl?"
The coach urged his team not to be complacent following their four consecutive wins.
You're the worst basketball coach this team has ever had.
Well, of course, I would never doubt that my coach is right.
The coach thinks you're the real deal, invites you to his house... ... makestheworstjambalaya.
Coach probably don't get to stay home much during football and basketball season.
This guy's probably a teacher, a coach, civil servant, post office, maybe.
Coach, my Bobby's a sweet boy, but he ain't what you'd call college material.
The coach is about to send the starting five in for the tip-off.
Educator coming through. Coach, I know very little about basketball, but I do know chemistry.
If you make a fucking bet with Steve you fucking pay Steve when his fucking cock wins.
I don't care which cock I'm holding, I just want to know how it got there.
Maybe you want to see me in in mourning dress... because my son is like a cock with his wife?
When I was still very young, I once woke up early in the morning because a cock carked.
Amen, I say to you before the cock crows three times you will deny me.
How many times did the cock crow before Peter's third denial?
I tell you, Peter, the cock will not crow today before you deny three times that you know Me.
A man answered, crowing like a cock... and led me in with the nightingale's song.
If I don't beat Millikin, it'll be another year of him strutting around here like the cock of the walk.
Run over a pheasant, and you'd be able to tell if it was a cock or a hen.
Take your cock and caress it over your pants.
So I can't say "big cock,"
He thinks anyone who sees his cock can read his mind.
Then he made me kneel down and took out his cock
"Big cock" coming out of your mouth sounds awfully dirty.
We had to tie his cock when it was not hard.
Come on, you fucking hire me to suck this guy's cock.
Why don't you come down here and suck my fucking cock?
Uh, I don't think you can say "big cock" on the radio.
We had a crock of gold between us... his cock and my crack.
This is their newspaper, the "Straight-Up News," that has an ongoing column from Mayor Gavin Newsom in both languages -- English and Spanish.
Unfortunately, in most cases, in bad accidents, when the steering column smashes into the donor's sternum, we can't really tell how badly bruised the heart is until we actually open up the donor's chest, so...
Front page, left column of The DC Sentinel.
Well, I'm confused, because this whole column was your idea, so if you're rethinking it now, you need to let me know.
I'm sure they have a whole column for stories like this.
Well, I thought your column was an interesting perspective.
This column means that he's at a labor camp.
Virtually every newspaper in America has a daily column on astrology.
Salazar told me that, with or without my cooperation, his next column, a week from today, is gonna be about me.
You know, Carrie. I'm such a fan of your column.
The geyser sends up a column of hot water every two hours.
I said we can shorten the column, we can spread it out to cover the couch.
Illustrate the fractional distillation process which takes place in an oil refinery using a laboratory distillation column.
This technique works using a distillation column with graduated temperatures at which the various components, or fractions, of oil are separated out, condensed and collected.
A column of air, weighing 214 kilos,.. ...presses upon every citizen, even party members.
It is an immense swirling column of gas reaching high above adjacent clouds.
She was leaving the peace ambassador center when two men jumped her, told her, "fifth column doesn't want you here anymore.
The fifth column is down, but it's not out.
Keyhole has pictures of a column of smoke emergency personnel on the ground, but no burning structure.
- So, Mr. Civilian. Tonight, the column.
And whether that communication is the virtual world or it is the physical world, then it's absolutely central to society.
In general, communication between doctors and their patients is the most important part of medical treatment.
And his communication and social interaction were improved so dramatically that he was enrolled into a regular school and even became a karate super champ.
Good communication with students is essential for effective teaching.
First, it's clearly a non-invasive, wireless form of communication.
We use words and communication to break out of it and to reach out to others.
Up until now, our communication with machines has always been limited to conscious and direct forms.
Zero ongoing communication costs. Highly scalable; you can just keep adding them, and as in Katrina, you can keep subtracting them -- as long as there's some, we can still communicate.
And that communication, that connectivity around the world, that globalization now raises a burden.
Which in my experience means communication that manages to speak to and expand our concept of self-interest.
Yesterday, I got a communication from the Pennington School in New Zealand and, uh... they offered me a writing fellowship.
Commission of the European Communities: Commission Staff Working Document accompanying the: Communication from the Commission to the Council and the European Parliament on Strengthening the European Neighbourhood Policy.
There's an urgent communication for you from Gul Dukat.
The Commission elaborated a Communication on the precautionary principle on 2ND February 200012.
The Parents' Council received a communication from a concerned member of the community.
In January 2001, the Commission Issued a communication on Kaliningrad and Its future relation ship with the European Union.
But I also had the NSA monitor every phone call and every communication coming into and out of the Coral Gables compound on the day of the assassination attempt.
At 3: 17 a.m., we received what we believe is an authentic communication from Ms. Bartlet's kidnappers demanding the release of three convicted terrorists held by Pakistan.
'We want a piece of communication 30 "to tell people these five characteristics of product"
You have an incoming communication from the Bajoran Central Archives.
It's for the sake of my health, my greatest concern.
Where's your concern for country, party and president when you're out whoring for Atlantic Oil?
Your whereabouts are my concern 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
But I can see that there has been a huge advance in that regard, but it's their emotional security that's my main concern.
And that's my main concern, is keeping us alive.
Hís hatred for the enemy.. . .. .ís matched only by hís fíerce concern for hís men.
Like every species on Earth, the principal daily concern of all humans... is to feed themselves and their family.
Captain, I would suggest our immediate concern is the ryetalyn.
The simple concern for your fellow man is not a feeling you're overly troubled by, is it?
My only concern is for your well-being, Zo'or.
We have a client, let's call it a European manufacturing concern.
Then I wrote the ... threat, cut out the characters of the Wednesday paper, glued them on the left page of the diploma, put it in the reply envelope and sent it to the concern.
The concern announced that there was a damage to property of several million Deutsche Mark.
The story ofhow two brothers and fve other men... parlayed a small business loan into a thriving paper goods concern... is a long and interesting one.
Middle Eastern international banking concern, very shady, paid Tom a hefty fee to help keep their illegal takeover of an American bank hush-hush.
And I find myself now in the unlikely position of standing in front of all of you as a professional classical composer and conductor.
Three years ago he got a letter signed by all 700 employees of La Scala, musical employees, I mean the musicians, saying, "You're a great conductor. We don't want to work with you. Please resign."
They opened their scores, the conductor gave the downbeat, and boom, they launched into the Kyrie from the "Requiem" by Mozart.
And the choir conductor there knew that I sang and invited me to come and join the choir.
An orchestra conductor faces the ultimate leadership challenge: creating perfect harmony without saying a word. In this charming talk, Itay Talgam demonstrates the unique styles of six great 20th-century conductors, illustrating crucial lessons for all leaders.
I didn't know you were such a good conductor, sir.
His secretary, a medium with amazing visions and by the window, the legendary conductor Von Rupert
He comes here now and then as guest conductor of our own hospital band.
Einstein said a good band needs a conductor, a lousy band needs an agitator.
*I'm the well-known conductor, Innokenty Schniperson, a musician*
That's a conductor, mate... used in place of C-4 explosive.
Did you know that glass is a very poor conductor of electricity?
Well, you're gonna need a massive conductor... something iron or steel.
I think we can tap in using the northern lights as a plasma conductor into the ley line.
I made a new friend who likes trains as much as I do, uh, I kissed Amy on the lips, and, uh, the conductor played his banjo for me.
It's made of a copper-ytterbium composite-- the perfect plasma conductor.
And I believe that Crispen, the conductor, as he liked to call himself, is all aboard a big train... - With the tracks... leading straight to Heaven.
The conductor said as soon as he gets off work, he can come back to the bed and breakfast and play his banjo for us.
Coal's lightweight carbon structure is a poor conductor of heat.
The conductor must be complete for our plan to succeed.
And it sort of nibbles at the core of the whole profession and all the assumptions of that medium.
Which means that Muslims can, today, look at those things and say, "Well, the core of our religion is here to stay with us.
I mean, not on the core level, on a soul level.
Furthermore, the core of the proposed cooperation with the Latvia-Denmark Association deals with learning the basics of democracy through working with pupils' councils.
The core of his defense was that he loved undine deeply And he would never hurt her.
The exultation of wanting... and the recognition that the object of such desires is forever unavailable... unknowable at her core.
... how it defines us to the very core of our being... Ba, ba-ba-da-ba! Ra-ba-dum-bum-ba-dum.
It is because of our belief that the core of the news is to convey the voices of the victims' and their grieving families.
And they all, uh, relate to certain things that are sort of core to the NSA mission.
It's not simply something foreign to him. It's the very core of his personality out there.
The next time we come to the core, I'm staying with the preacher
What's the point of coming to the core if I can't even step off the boat?
As the Sun's core gets hotter its outer parts will swell in size and turn red.
We'll start with a pass through the core.
The bomb you built may be powerful enough to make it to the power core and destroy it, but you'd have to get it there first.
And if there's a way -- if there is any way that we can cripple the Espheni power core, we can bring down their war defenses, then that's what I'm gonna do.
The next time we come to the core, I'm staying with the preacher.
- Right, then he's gonna want to reach his right arm to his right toe, while keeping his core...
The core of the mass is centered over area 5, the superior parietal gyrus.
Of course they do It's a core Everyone's rich and happy here
So what I've learned through building these systems is that robots are actually a really intriguing social technology, where it's actually their ability to push our social buttons and to interact with us like a partner that is a core part of their functionality.
If she hadn't reinforced the core, we'd all be dead.
However, this should represent only a component of a JEP, while course development and related activities should remain the core of the project.
Is it possible to lock on to the core, beam it into space?
Only the core will be solid, and with any luck, this stuff should slow us down so we don't hit it with too much of a bang.
Don't you realize that core is highly unstable?
When I bring us around, target their engine core.
If you can't stabilize the core immediately, evacuate Engineering.
-Nothing, until Melkur taps the energy core of the Source.
I've been able to reconfigure the data core, but it's still not capable of supporting our matrices.
Then if you look around you in the bathroom, you see lots more products like shampoo, conditioner, anti-wrinkle cream, body lotion, but also toothpaste.
This is more like a liquid than a facial cream. That makes it easy to use.
It had already spread to his lymph nodes, so we used an antiangiogenic skin cream for the lip and an oral cocktail, so we could treat from the inside as well as the outside.
This is a topical cream, not a toothpaste, so I hope your gums are free of hemorrhoids.
So we created a cocktail of antiangiogenic drugs that could be mixed into his dog food as well as an antiangiogenic cream that could be applied on the surface of the tumor.
Listen,and so what if that cream gets me all pumped up,you know?
Cooling cream, to stop your little man from going all scabby.
He's probably already scarfed down the apple, pumpkin and banana cream.
"Have you got any cream that can make me strong as a lion and a peanut that can make me see into the future and pills for levitation, all that shit?"
If you buy now, I give you, uh, toothache cream.
Chef: So you take heavy, high-fat milk, which is cream, and you churn it until it separates into these curds and water.
If you want to get a long-drawn benefit from this book, don't think once skimming the cream is enough for that.
It's specific gravity, but it whips cream too.
In Chernovtsy region (Ukraine), the state-owned milk plan produces only fresh products such as butter, sour cream and cottage cheese, though there is an important and unsatisfied demand for hard cheese.
dexter, be a dear and pass me the cream, please.
Grande Mocha Brownie Frappuccino. With mint hot fudge and mint whipped cream.
Liquorice pipe, marshmallow - whipped cream, chocolate.
He came up to us and he asked me if I was your daughter and then he said i had whipped cream on my mouth.
Albert and his team are cream of the crop. Albert's a forensics genius.
[WHISPERS] I can't remember if I take cream.
He's gonna feel it out like Ray Charles looking for a cricket.
Even a broken bat can be quite effective, and I have played cricket for several years.
The object of Hangman's Cricket is for each competitor to retain his allotted nine lives by scoring runs with a cat or bat, defending his lower leg from being struck by the ball.
I want to play cricket, I want to eat crumpets and I want to use the word "ghastly".
You got to know what a crumpet is to understand cricket.
I think you should come home before you start thinking cricket is a real sport.
What is this, cricket, tennis, football?
I don't have a cricket update for you,so I'll ask you to take my word for it.
Neitherwas it very wonderful that Catherine, who had, by nature, nothing heroic about her, should prefer cricket and baseball to dolls and books.
Yes, it's like the Ashes for people who don't like cricket.
Oh, shucks, Napoleon, that ain't nothin' but a little old cricket bug.
All right, let's get in the house before another cricket gets in there.
Cricket, just like anything we can do to have you not talk about, like, sucking penises or getting raped in the butt...
Cricket was the only person I ever allowed myself to get close to until you, and ... I lost her.
- Aurora du Martel is rather petite and may indeed be able to slip through the cracks like a wicked little cricket, but she is not a ghost.
Of course, I'm just a cricket singing my way from hearth to hearth, but let me tell you what made me change my mind.
It's the Jiminy the Cricket that is going to get all upset with me.
Yeah, but I'm kind of a dog executioner, so, uh, looks like old Cricket got the last laugh.
In the original one, the little cricket tries to tell Pinocchio what to do.
All right. Tell you what. Let's go down to the Entomology Department and let Professor Crley tell us what kind of cricket Toby is.
Well, old wheat king, how about some bread pudding for desert?
Um, Hank and Marie are on their way, roast chicken and potatoes for dinner, rocky road for desert, and, uh, chocolate cake, as requested.
You know, actually, the desert can be pretty romantic at night.
I'm trying to think, another desert to do.
You are not gonna believe what's coming for desert!
plus I got your favorite rocky road for desert.
This from the woman that thinks Dutch chocolate vodka's a desert.
A few hours after the clouds cleared and the sun came out, and the desert smelled of ozone.
Friends like Lual who died by my side, In the burning jungle, and the desert plain.
If you think about Antarctica, it's technically a desert, it gets so little precipitation.
Geo- and astro-biologist Ken Nealson, find this desert area, so much like Mars, he comes here to try to better understand conditions on the red planet.
I sometimes wonder what a godforsaken desert in the middle of nowhere has to do with Her Majesty the queen.
Nothing like the smell of the desert after the rain.
"And the desert will swallow cup and house whole, and--"
The greening of the desert is proceeding faster than I ever imagined.
I know what it is, it's a sand dune, it's a desert.
May yöu destroy their country so that for the next thousand years not even a single lizard will survive in their desert.
Institutional design requires a keen focus on issues, innovative thinking and flexible and well-funded implementation.
A wonderful guy named Timothy Prestero, who has a company called ... an organization called Design That Matters.
But the third pillar that he talked about was design.
And if you think about it, all these different societies have different geometric design themes that they use.
There are several features that all these silks have in common. They all have a common design, such as they're all very long -- they're sort of outlandishly long compared to other proteins.
They can be about whatever you want -- technology, entertainment, design, your family, what you had for breakfast.
We went from a back rudder to a front rudder to two rudders to multiple rudders to the whole boat changing shape, and the more we are moving forward, and the more the design looks simple and cute.
"So, can you change the design and put it on my forehead, so I can, you know, do this and eliminate my phantom fingers?"
David McCandless turns complex data sets into beautiful, simple diagrams that tease out unseen patterns and connections. Good design, he suggests, is the best way to navigate information glut -- and it may just change the way we see the world.
To do that I think we have to take a more expansive view of design, more like Brunel, less a domain of a professional priesthood.
My design, as it takes you down the rabbit hole, is fraught with many challenges and difficulties in the real world.
CA: So you copied -- you exactly copied the design in the book.
When the design emerged it was surprisingly simple and straightforward.
Mama, I finished my design for our float.
That design does not work once someone has stolen all of our money.
NOW, EVERYTHING HAS A PURPOSE AND A DESIGN.
If that was the design for my father and family... then fuck death!
Terry, Billy, Mrs. Lewton messed up that design?
There is a design for everyone, and I don't know how yet... but I'm going to break this one.
The mortician said that death has a design, right?
Is that the kind of drone that shoots missiles and blows up trucks and houses, stuff?
I think our drone did a little too much celebrating.
When the drone hits the compound, The unit should radio in the aborted mission, right?
We can't just run around calling you "the drone."
We have a nuke, and we have a drone to carry it.
However, when a drone is deactivated, its memories continue to reside in the collective's consciousness.
Do you think that you shot down that drone with your marksmanship?
From what I can tell, the drone is male.
Could you track the drone sent out back to Leroy's basement?
No, I went over to Rob's hoping... hoping... that you would launch a drone and then fly over his house and spy on me.
I can't believe I'm the same model as that Imperial drone.
Yes, and my drone dutifully reported it to me.
I work for the United States government, and so do you, which makes you a drone, too.
! You're a frightened little drone that can't even get a woman!
Listen, I'm gonna try to track Damon, and with any luck, the drone will lead us back to the queen.
Did you know that the drone is nature's most talented suicidal swordsman?
When the drone mates with the queen, his ejaculation is so explosive, it's audible to the human ear.
If they do so at the appropriate time, the black box lights up and a panda bear pounds a drum.
I'd like to convince you that the universe has a soundtrack and that soundtrack is played on space itself, because space can wobble like a drum.
I had to basically look at this particular drum, see how it was made, what these little lugs did, what the snares did.
This is a steel drum here that has been modified, and that's what happens when you put Africa in a piano.
And yet black holes may be heard even if they're not seen, and that's because they bang on space-time like a drum.
Your war drum ain't louder than this breath. Haaa.
"What I Will" I will not dance to your war drum.
He's empty like a drum! He's just a mannequin!
The cannons needed more separation, so the rotating drum I fashioned did just that.
Give me that drum and I'll give you a candy.
The drum was cut in half and the body was under it, like this...
A well-placed 50-gallon oil drum should pique your target's curiosity.
There is a 200-pound drum of potassium cyanide missing from a silver plating factory in Tujunga.
The drum is rubber, so it cannot break or be punctured, and I'm prepared to any kind of contingency, including fire ants, tornadoes, and, yes, even naked mole rats.
There's an oil drum on the back full of water and pipes feed the water to the tyres.
And if we pick it up, it will be music to our ears because it will be the quiet echo of that moment of our creation, of our observable universe.
Well, the obvious way to measure the speed of sound is to bounce sound off something and look at the echo.
We heard the echo of our voices from the other side of the valley.
So when the echo of the gunshots had lingered, it was soon drowned by the chanting of the mob, and I didn't believe what I was hearing.
Unless I'm a guy that's kind of shouting in some kind of echo chamber.
You made the real murder look like an echo knowing the tech would do what he was trained to do: Disregard it.
Either of a storm or the echo of our past war...
All I have now to comfort me is the distant echo of her voice. The imagined sound of her footsteps.
Be...be...because I hear an echo. A sort of lapping sound. Why?
I fìll this room with the echo of many voices Who passed time here
Would that be the echo that Foreman chose not to run with you after I dashed his new drug discovery dreams?
Uh, full syncope work-up, including serum lytes, urinalysis, an EEG and dobutamine echo.
Well, your echo shows a reduction in blood flow through one of the valves in your heart, so we just want to make sure that...
Kid's echo was normal. No signs of any vegetations on heart valves.
And you run the echo on eddie that you're planning to do behind my back toee if his heart's improving.
If you'd run the echo that you didn't run before giving her the beta-blockers that you didn't give her, if you'd listened to what Kutner said, you'd know it's not a heart problem.
You mad at me because you think Kutner screwed up the echo?
The three of you are going to feel the most violent ecstasy you've ever known.
She's describing mystical ecstasy. There's nothing sexual about it.
"something exquisite, an ecstasy beyond my experience."
"Where did all that ecstasy, magic and rapture gone to?
The ecstasy that blooms in synapse is Paprika-brand milk fat!
Crime Prevention Show sponsored by Wrigley's Spearmint much delight in weeping, ecstasy in singing, laughter rises that confounds staring Idiot mayors and stony politicians eyeing Thy breast,
"TO BURN ALWAYS WITH THIS GEM-LIKE FLAME, TO MAINTAIN THIS ECSTASY..."
Women that I have been only able to fantasize about and now you are my avatars recording the ecstasy that I can only imagine and then when you finish the mission your fathers will be free.
And when she could endure no more ecstasy she puffed up her cheeks and blew out the sky.
"I was finding treasures in everything and anything would bring me to an ecstasy, "or at least that was my understanding.
Professor Curran has carried out some of the only experiments in this country where ecstasy is actually given to human volunteers in order to study its effects on the brain.
Or give us some ecstasy .we can sell for it?
And we saw each other and it was like that episode of 90210, when Brandon and Emily Valentine take ecstasy.
51 times more hallucinogenic than acid and 51 times more explosive than ecstasy.
A list which places cannabis, ecstasy and LSD below tobacco, and which suggests that alcohol, if it were a new drug, would be classified as Class A.
A burglary, GBH, dealing heroin, ecstasy and ketamine.
Professor Val Curran has been studying the effects of ecstasy on the brain for the past ten years.
Zoey I know this will be difficult but what happened that night at the club with Jean Paul and the ecstasy?
More harmful than ecstasy, LSD, tobacco, five Class As and 11 illegal drugs, something which kills more people than all of the illegal drugs on this list combined and which is nevertheless used by the majority of the population.
Too bad we don't have some TLV, this ecstasy Is getting me nowhere.
We must gather with the rest of Starfleet to balance the terms of the next engagement.
Find Spartacus and send word of his movement, but do not tempt engagement until I have arrived with proper force.
Find Spartacus and send word of his movement. But do not tempt engagement until I have arrived with proper force.
My, uh... my first engagement with the enemy in Vietnam I'd been in country about a week.
OK, this engagement is a destroyer of awesome future memories, most of which involve nudity.
Perhaps I was wrong, and this broken engagement is my last chance... for love.
I mean, there is a certain school of thought that says an engagement gets broken up, the girl should give back the ring with you there.
If the wedding is to be held overseas, it's perfectly reasonable I should host the engagement.
Every engagement must go through a divorce before you get married.
Ashley and Stone's engagement was sucking up all the attention on the show.
Now, I don't know what game we're playing but obviously this engagement that you and I have entered into has absolutely no meaning to you.
But the lies had just... gotten so big-- her fake affair, my engagement.
It just seems like the... this engagement thing happened pretty quickly, and I figured, you know, maybe you didn't... needed to move things along and...
Yours is going to be the most spectacular engagement party London has ever seen.
... deciphering the human genetic code, but he's also one of the most controversial... iconoclast with a brilliant mind and an outsized ego who has flaunted the conventional wisdom, and tweaked the staid scientific establishment at every turn.
Let us adjourn ourselves to the nearest table and overlook this establishment's board of fare.
On the face of it, St Martin-in-the-Fields is a church of the establishment The parish church for the Royal Family, the Admiralty and 10 Downing Street.
LSD was now seen as a catalyst of the hippy culture that so dismayed the American establishment.
And that's exactly what the establishment is doing with carbon dioxide.
And like many revolutionary ideas, it just scared the shit out of the establishment.
But this is a formal establishment, and our regulations...
The eu and its Member States intend to step up support for the protection of human rights and for the creation and development of an independent judiciary, thus making a sustainable contribution to the establishment of structures based on the rule of law and international human rights standards.
You mean the song that basically flipped off the country-music establishment?
Market expansion Wholesaler profile Customer profile Management structure Establishment of the board of trustees Product range Quality of products Financial situation
I can't believe this is actually a medical establishment.
This is a professional establishment, perhaps you'd be better at the sweetshop?
The establishment I work for delivers pizzas to everyone, and then gives the customer the option of accepting or refusing delivery.
When I have my own establishment, I'll need someone at my side.
Uh... No casinos per se, but there's a private gambling establishment right around the corner.
I'll take down a baked good that I will be choosing momentarily and a latte that your fine establishment will be paying for once I nail the trivia question that you put on that board just like I do every morning.
Jennifer, I'm not challenging your ability or professionalism or even your ethics.
Noah's ethics should have prevented him from taking on the project in the first place.
What separates us from the animals, the beasts of burden, beasts of prey, ethics.
Your last assignment was to write an essay defining 'ethics'.
I entrust you with my practice, with my household, and even show you my magnetic ship protector, and in return you whine on about my ethics, you run your work like a charity and now you steal my patients.
Whatever dictated his ethics later on, if indeed anything did, I can't tell you.
I saw that beauty and ethics were one and the same.
Then we are going to apply them to the other areas, like energy, ecology, policy law and ethics, entrepreneurship, so that people can bring these new technologies to the world.
Aristotle thought ethics wasn't a lot like math.
What if, Plato thought, ethics was like math?
He thought ethics was a matter of making decisions in the here-and-now using our best judgment to find the right path.
But I know from experience when one is desperate for a fix, ethics and logic provide little impediment to need.
Principally financed by the EU, it focuses on strengthening public management in areas such as administrative reform, public procurement, public sector ethics, anti-corruption, and external and internal nancial control.
That is why I'll have to employ someone for whom ethics have no significance.
"I specialize in fake boobs, but I got ethics.
The only limits are ethics and the law and both those things can be very flexible.
I play to win, but there are certain ethics to be considered
It's only the execution of the written music, no interpretation."
Everyone thinks that if you have a great idea, everything else just falls into place, but ... it's the execution that counts.
Execution is to take place within 24 hours. Notice is to be posted throughout the Republic."
Thus, your execution will proceed as scheduled. At midnight three days from today.
Three days there, three days back, one day for trial and execution.
Ihaveto say,the designis not his strongest thing. It's the execution of a design.
Once the execution has been carried out, you have a choice...
It wasn't your plan. It was my execution of your plan.
When I look at the vibe of this, I think you picked the right category but the execution and the actual pieces... First off, I think it's very literal. When I look at this kind of triple-panty--I mean, and the panty is ill-fitting.
I pulled him from the other side before it collapsed, left him in the bayou to join the wolves, and I used the execution of one of his own to draw him here, where I knew he'd find you.
It turns out, the death rates on death row -- from all causes, including execution -- two percent a year.
The execution was ordered by President Lincoln only two days after he signed the Emancipation Proclamation.
A great man once said of a poor creature going to execution,
I couldn't have hoped for a finer young lady to be shut up in a crypt with whilst awaiting my execution.
The computer character analysis indicates that the Doctor will try to prevent the execution.
But what if we conducted his trial and execution on his Homeworld instead of here?
There were many who were clamorin' for Mr. Lincoln's execution also, but President Davis understood that sparing Lincoln's life would ease tensions in the North.
Damn it, Stokely, it's an execution, not a bloody christening!
The only way to make sure that the execution goes properly is if he sheds some of that blubber, pronto.
Having me fight D'Ghor is nothing more than an execution.
It took us ages to build these towns and then-- boom! Gone. In a flash.
When that flash comes you want to have a lot to remember, right.
And in a flash Bradley is transformed into that thrilling super hero,
Unless you want to sabotage my social life in a flash...
Breathtakingly unexpected was the flash that announced the atomic age.
In a flash, her expression altered and even her voice changed.
That night the lantern was lit announcing the flock's return and the news spread in a flash
Larry thinks a flash mob is gonna get his wife back.
Do you have any idea how many flash mobs Larry is responsible for?
- They'll be on flash drive or CD. - Me?
She just gave him the flash drive that she used last night.
If you don't kill the brain, it doesn't die, so we were able to transplant the flash memory chip.
Mark, the bastard, with his poxy gallery and his flash car.
I can be a little rigid. So when Chad from accounting, who I always thought was gay but apparently is not, um, told me about this flash mob,
Somehow, without any help or push from her older brother at all, suddenly Amy disappeared off of the top of the bunk bed and landed with this crash on the floor.
A cleanly-dressed young woman with goloshes on her stockingless feet was washing the floor in the passage.
The demon lord finally lost conciousness and fell to the floor with a thud.
PM: So he's just spilled a plate of sausages on the floor, on the brand-new carpet.
And then there was Luke, who washed the floor in a comatose young man's room twice because the man's father, who had been keeping a vigil for six months, didn't see Luke do it the first time, and his father was angry.
I would run into the living room, jump up on the couch, rip the cushions off, throw them on the floor, scream at the top of my lungs and run out because I was the Incredible Hulk.
The floor was painted green, while the walls were yellow.
"Zelda, the floor is under my feet!" "I know!"
A wise person knows how to improvise, as Luke did when he re-washed the floor.
Every night I'd come from work and lie on the cold floor.
But the green building, on behind, you can see that the top floor is not occupied, so people are building with the possibility of expansion.
It starts with garage at the bottom, I suppose, appropriately, but it doesn't go up garage, grand floor, mezzanine, one, two, three, four.
Special two-key archive for them on the fifth floor.
Tacis Co-ordinating Unit Ministry of Agriculture, 44 Prospekt Rudaki, Floor 2, Room 103, 734025 Dushanbe
I'll take this floor and you take the one above.
Signora Artusi promised to show us the second floor.
Take this elevator to the 25th floor then take the special tower elevator.
Tacis Co-ordinating Unit Government House Floor 8, Room 851 370016 Baku
Floor's closed unless you're working on a thesis.
So I went to the third floor to use theirs, but they have the 1720.
Do you suppose your thoughts will vanish simply by giving up on the font?
Because I've seen you do walls, I've seen you do the font, Lions Heads, clock towers.
The font is Romanesque, from the earliest time of the church.
They must call in another mason to finish the font.
The baby has a very big head and it may not fit in the font.
I remember once baptising a child that had been crying all the way through the service, till I ducked him into the font and he came up smiling!
I need to finish my round, and you need to finish the font.
But Reverend Burton has asked me to drain the font.
Three days till His Reverend comes to consecrate the new font, and I have not received an invitation to tea at the Rectory.
No, but we've been using this particular font for 12 years now, and it, in concert with our tri-rectangle graphic and Hamlindigo Blue, constitutes a trademarked brand identifier.
So you're saying you want me to choose a new font?
The only good font is the Sopranos one, where the "r" is a pistol.
It scans the fragments and treats each scrap as if it were part of a huge jigsaw puzzle. Font, color, shape, thickness of paper.
I feared Nelly had some sort of a plan, but she used a ridiculous font.
When you use a ridiculous font, no one thinks you have a plan.
I don't even think I like this font.
Still not sure, but I do know that I want the font on my resumé to be
You know what it's like to have date night ruined because Google changed their font?
I love the font, the color, everything.
I got my friends involved and I grew companies and then I got 11 companies and I built the foundation.
Since then, I've used about 30 kinds of submarines and I've started three companies and a nonprofit foundation called Deep Search to design and build systems to access the deep sea.
I started a foundation to bet on these good people doing good things.
Our foundation has backed a vaccine that's going into phase three trial that starts in a couple months.
This small foundation we put together is looking for other ways to help.
Now, 18 years later, I'm proud to tell you, last year we fed two million people in 35 countries through our foundation, all during the holidays: Thanksgiving, Christmas -- -- in all the different countries around the world.
Now, our foundation, for the last nine years, has invested in this.
In addition to this governmental framework, in each Romanian region there is a Youth Foundation.
It is my hope that this foundation will prove... my commitment to the education of African-American students. And erase, once and for all my identity as the nigger guy.
The institutions can contact the Tempus Information Points in the partner countries (addresses are provided in annex), and the European Training Foundation for advice on formulating their proposal.
Using Google Earth you can witness trawlers -- in China, the North Sea, the Gulf of Mexico -- shaking the foundation of our life support system, leaving plumes of death in their path.
And he also understood that that foundation was crumbling, literally crumbling.
And then we poured a big foundation for passive solar.
With us as a foundation, women voters, our new Mayor can do great things for Atlantic City.
Legislative considerations. Within the air quality sector, implementation of the Air Quality Framework Directive must be given a high priority, as this provides the structure and foundation for daughter legislation.
Burzynski's discovery, means that the foundation, the walls, and the roof of that house, need to be replaced.
The Demolitions Committee of Project Mayhem wrapped the foundation columns of a dozen buildings with blasting gelatin.
It's not only a building foundation which is being laid... but the foundations of a new life... and prosperity for working people as well.
See, your body is like a house... you can fix the tiles in the bathroom and the kitchen, but if the foundation is decaying, well, you're wasting your time. What are the side effects?
They haven't even poured the foundation for my house, Which means that I get to keep living With the both of you
I'm gonna take this gag out of your mouth, but if you make one sound I don't like, I'm gonna cut your eyes out.
I'm gonna remove your gag, and you're not gonna make a peep, understood?
If you start shouting, the gag goes straight back on again, OK?
Don't make me sorry I took the gag out.
Knock that lizard shit off, or I'm putting your gag on.
The Gypsy is shackled, Miss Haxby. She has the strait-coat on, but not the gag.
- Gag or blindfold, maybe. - Mm-hmm.
I considered a ball gag, but to be honest I found your mutterings sort of... charming.
Saliva, so it may have been used as a gag.
If I take that gag off of you, are you gonna show me and my staff the respect that we deserve?
And the irony is, he would really love that skeleton gag.
It's the old gag about the guy that takes the blame for a job his pal done.
I was like, I thought maybe it was a gag, like that time you texted me your boobs.
You don't suppose this is a gag, do you?
It's like that classic comedy gag, "He's on my baseball."
If-- if this is some kinda gag, it's not one bit funny.
I can't do it, V. One chipolata gag, I'll be a gibbering wreck.
This is Motor Ritz Towers in Manhattan in the 30s, where you drove up to your front door, if you had the guts.
But would he have enough guts to eat a bullet before he'd help someone vaporize a whole city?
You wanted somebody there because you didn't have the guts to do it yourself!
You think you're tough, but when you're really up against it, you've no guts at all!
He hasn't the guts to tell me he wants a divorce. I have to hear it on TV.
True, these guts sometimes smell a bit iffy.
Out of all the women, you were the only one who had the guts to tell me the truth.
Maybe so, but it takes guts to stand by your principles.
The... whoever the witness is, you should be grateful that they had the guts to stand up to Lamar... especially since your theory has zero proof.
It took guts for you lot to go in there, thinking he was a bomber.
I'll grant you that it takes guts to speak out about anything.
A time when it takes guts to speak out for conservative values, and then I took it from there.
He's got guts, he's got integrity.
Amy and Ricky, it takes guts to make a commitment, even if you did it in secret.
He had the guts to stop sitting, and he's never, ever gonna go back on it, right?
You've got the guts, and I've got a web cam.
We're earned a bit of vanity and fame, but we still have the guts to do three things.
They say that "Hamlet" is the most interesting play in writing.
"Hamlet, I've got a terrible hankering for a soft Golden Fleece."
It was the very day that young Hamlet was born, he that is mad, and sent into England.
It was... Considered the great Hamlet of his age if you're an American,
A rough ride? May, we've lost two weeks of rehearsal, the new director is a certified madman and the Hamlet is an action figure.
Yes, it's your hamlet now and there's your star, Right there.
Of all the days i' the year, I came to't that day that our last king Hamlet overcame Fortinbras.
Every town and hamlet, no matter how - small or remote, is surveilled.
Sir, in that last hamlet, all it took was one shot.
If you look at the map, it's actually a hamlet.
And he is convinced that the hamlet is outside the eight-mile limit... that the measuring will certainly prove Lark Rise to be wrong.
When it was announced that there was to be a concert in Lark Rise in honour of Our Squire, the whole hamlet was buzzing with talk of what was to be sung and who was to sing it.
You don't think there was a hamlet called Foreplay down there we should have popped into first?
And nobody is better at research than you, but nobody is better at dropping the hammer than me.
Just... cock the hammer... and aim like I taught you.
When I drop this hammer, one of you is gonna be dead.
- Did you just cock back the hammer, bro?
The hammer of the gun hit a curve in the drainpipe, and the gun went off.
To the man who only has a hammer in the toolkit, every problem looks like a nail.
That we see there's a general hammer, and hammers become more and more specific over time.
He said, "If the only tool you have is a hammer, everything starts to look like a nail."
And the murder weapon, a hammer, Were found in my car.
Then he'd get a friend and a chisel and hammer, and he'd hit the chisel behind his friend head. Then he took out things he'd prepared on the seat behind him.
You got so mad, you threw the hammer through the glass door.
On the night of Jill's death, you used your hammer to crush up at least two dozen of her antidepressants.
Does he mention that when police First showed him the bloodstained hammer
If I let go of a hammer on a planet that has a positive gravity, I need not see it fall to know that it has, in fact, fallen.
They checked Scott's toolbox and found a powdery residue on the hammer.
However, if we took a small hammer, and we added cracks to all the other windows, then we have a pattern.
The hammer's ruffling something before it hits the string here. Here.
When a key is pressed, the hammer hits the corresponding... you can even get chords and of course there's dynamics.
Yeah, or we can use this hammer and test reflexes.
Or, when he's more relaxed, the head comes down and the ears listen, either side.
Her lean head with the prominent, bright, sparkling eyes, broadened out to her muzzle with its wide crimson nostrils.
Maybe Pinocchio's wooden head with its inbuilt high tech microchip has more intelligence than the rest of the world.
I've decided that, for me at least, I don't have a big enough head.
He is a good horse, and I advise you to buy him,' said Yashvin, glancing at his comrade's gloomy countenance. 'It's true he has a goose rump, but his legs and head leave nothing to be desired.'
In the sunlight my head started to spin, and I lay down to have a rest on the grass.
The human form, in particular the human head, has been considered the Holy Grail of our industry.
How is your head – better?' he said quietly, not wishing to see or understand the gloomy and solemn look on her face.
Now of course, your head would be squeezed and stretched unhelpfully, so you might have trouble understanding what's going on.
These particulars Vronsky learned later, now he only saw that Diana's head or legs might come just where Frou-Frou had to alight.
Alisa Miller, head of Public Radio International, talks about why -- though we want to know more about the world than ever -- the US media is actually showing less. Eye-opening stats and graphs.
And I want to say that the head of our AIDS effort, and the person who also is primarily active in the wish I'll make tonight, Ira Magaziner, is here with me and I want to thank him for everything he's done.
Now, the American head of programming wanted new local Arabic comedy.
- Pavel Antonov , head of the labor camp sports .
Recently the head of Greenpeace was forced to admit that the Arctic and Antarctic ice caps grow in the winter and shrink in the summer, and that this is all part of a natural process, driven by the tilt of the earth and the sun.
This is Gerhard Moeller, the head of the S.C.E.B.
For example, a project aiming at restructuring the students social services should involve the head of students social services, the person responsible for the university's central administration, possibly the rectorate, as well as representatives of the students.
Biggest question on my mind is, who's the next I'm getting out of here 'cause the star, the head chef here is chef Zach.
Uh, supposedly, he's the new head of all research at Stargate command.
Geoffrey Rushton wants to leave sooner than they thought, so we need the new Head of Vascular to start in six weeks.
On the other side of the political spectrum, the first time that I heard Rush Limbaugh refer to presidential hopeful John Edwards as the Breck girl I knew that he'd made a direct hit.
David Byrne sings the Talking Heads' 1988 hit, " Flowers." He's accompanied by Thomas Dolby and string quartet Ethel, who made up the TED2010 house band.
Fellas, this is the young lady who wrote your next hit.
If you got three big stars together, you might have a hit.
So I hear a rumor that, uh, you have another hit for me.
Lilly's going to sing her big hit 'A Letter Came Today'.
So, if we get a hit, we'll know exactly where to look.
There are good bits here and there, and Lane can really pound the skins, but you need a hit.
This next song is a big hit for I in France.
I'm gonna get my share, what's mine - I think it's a hit.
That last hit was on top of the gate.
- If it's a direct hit, you're dead.
There was trauma; I got hit in the head during a lacrosse game.
If he'd gotten a hit, he might have stayed in baseball.
Hey, look, I took a major hit too.
You have another horse, where maybe the horseshoer beat him up and he'll be terrible for anything on the ground, with the veterinarian, but a person can ride him.
And the woman, her face abashedly buried in her "Elle" now, reminded me -- I'd forgotten that not the least part of my awe consisted of the fact that with every jump he took the horse would powerfully fart.
Do bravely, horse! for you know for whom you move
He's a nice little horse, but I don't think he's worth that.
The horse lost a shoe, and my cousin brought it to my father.
It is indeed, my lord, a most absolute and excellent horse.
It should be a huge horse, about forty foot high.
This horse and swing and everything belong the company now by Rokai's order.
He was a fiery and fearsome horse to whom the other horses obeyed.
"Neither Atreyu nor his horse, Artax, had the vaguest suspicion...
When they point right back, the horse is fearful or angry, depending upon what's going on in front of him, around him.
If you mate a horse with an ass you will get a mule.
BJ: So Tom gave us a call and said, "Do you think you could make us a horse for a show to happen at the National Theatre?"
'The last one, father,' shouted the lad, reining in the horse and smilingly turning to a rosy young woman who, also smiling, sat inside the cart; then he drove on again.
A good horse does not graze where it has trodden.
So, Indra arrived, and performed the sacrifice of the horse.
Levin mounted his horse and rode to the field where clover had been sown the year before, and to another which was deeply ploughed and ready for sowing the spring wheat.
Just a few weeks after treatment -- in this case, taking that material, turning it into a gel, and packing that area, and then repeating the treatment a few times -- and the horse heals up.
God have mercy and help us!' said Levin as he saw his horse coming out of the gateway.
You can take a horse to water, but you can't make him drink.
But again Veslovsky persuaded him, and again, the marsh being a narrow one, Levin as a hospitable host remained with the vehicles.
'Well, and where is our host?' he inquired.
'Yes, that is a sophistical explanation,' put in Veslovsky. 'Oh, our host!' he said, addressing a peasant who had opened the creaking barn doors and was entering. 'So you are not asleep yet?'
Noble host, the fires here are so big.
This in itself was proof that their host was a man of little morals and some persuasion.
It is you who suggested playing the game today and. So you are the host.
Because the host is always the most important decoration...
I'm Howard Swine... your horny host that's hung with the most.
So, the guest enters and everyone is surprised, especially the host.
It's not polite to refuse what is offered by your host.
- Uh, it looks like Nick cut some kind of deal with Josh to be a VIP host.
From far away I couldn't see you as anything but a host.
Yeah, we were able to track down the third-party host for the Web site.
That's because every time we restart the server the virus replicates itself during boot up and crashes the host.
They used VM mode, so I'm isolating their API and booting the host.
So... this host, LFOD--it's a clearinghouse.
- Negative. You'll go back through the gate... .. before the iris is locked so you can't go back.
- Right now, the iris sits in front of the plane where the event horizon is formed.
SG-1 and SG- 2,... .. if you do not return in 24 hours,... .. your remote transmitter codes will be locked out,... .. and the iris will be sealed permanently.
All right, there were four offworld activations prior to this one and the iris was closed all the time.
Only this time, there will be a permanent iris welded over it, and it will be placed under round-the-clock guard under the command of the SGC - my command.
If the iris succumbs to the heat and loses integrity, there will be no way to stop radiation bombarding the base.
My eyes traveled from the rose to the carnation, to the smooth scrolls of sentient amethyst which was the iris.
Within this bar and there was a strange gentleman with a mustache who gave me an iris with baked ricotta.
I use iris florentina and coreopsis, both tropical herbs.
I'm sure he has some ace in the hole, some piece of evidence that he's holding back, something he's going to use to exculpate Iris.
Why do you suppose it is... that something as small and insignificant as the iris... should be so much stronger than we are?
So here: 10, jack, queen, king, ace.
I had a jack, a king and three queens in my hand.
Ah, and this one, the jack of diamonds, what is he?
I've got a king, a jack, a ten and two sixes.
Now, if you didn't get another jack, if you had gotten a king, why, then you'd get another card, except when it's dark,
I got a six, a five, a jack, a four and a eight.
9, 10, Jack, queen, king... a straight.
Then I get a jack and a king. Boom! Ross gets a 4 and 5.
I never thought about it before, but both the jack and the king are holding weapons.
Nine, ten, jack, queen, king....
- until the wood straightens, and it takes the weight of the car, like a jack.
I don't suppose y'all have a Jack?
Okay, you put the jack under the jeep and then put the handle in the base and ratchet it up and down, okay?
All they know is that some hippie idiot smoked some grass, decided to work on his car, probably too stoned to realize he hadn't set the jack right.
It will take them over an hour to get here, and I've got a jack.
- I like to call this the jack of all trades.
Now, Owen is doing his best to survive, but we still need that jack.
But if we can wake up and learn that the entire bank system has gone bankrupt overnight, it just seems stupid not to have a jack in the trunk.
We need to keep Owen alive until the jack gets here, but that's not gonna be until he's underwater.
I-I can't even find a jack or anything.
Rodney's on his way. He's just taking some Dramamine, but, yeah, we can take another Jumper.
Sheppard's working on a grapple system that should be able to raise the Jumper.
There's a very good chance it's going to be dark before another jumper can get here.
We just lost two of my men and a jumper, and this is the first time I'm hearing about it?
I thought all you wanted was C-4 and a Jumper.
There was another one in a decaying orbit, but we could only fit one inside the Jumper.
Elizabeth, what if we offer them one Jumper in exchange for colonel Sheppard?
Τhe tache, the jumper, the whοle Clark Gable thing.
It is used for communications (e.g. the telephone), our bodies nervous system functions due to tiny electrical charges, static electricity is an accumulation of charge (lightning, or the static on a balloon when rubbed on a woollen jumper).
I don't know how to tell you this but Mrs Doyle, in an unusual move, has baked a jumper in the cake.
It wasn't just a jumper, to me, though, it was mine.
I have no use of this scarf and your daughter needs a jumper.
All you're gonna do with that car - is snag your jumper on it.
It's yοu and that mοustache and the jumper and the whοle οutfit. It's the Clark Gable thing, it gets me all hοt tο trοt, Gary.
Mate, we have got a fucking major problem - it's this jumper thing.
Ella was wearing a blue jumper with a white shirt.
- His jumper would make quite a good car seat.
And the shit gets way over Freddy's head, and the law comes down on him hard.
The law found Jessup's car at Gullet Lake this morning.
So you could clean out the store before the law knew there was a murder.
If you had the law on your tail... would you let a guy working for you come up to chew the fat?
We shall be flogging this lot with the law on every corner.
"Law enforcement officers... "...throughout the Southwest are frankly amazed... "...at the way in which the will o' the wisp bandit Clyde Barrow...
This could be the last time that the law comes knocking.
It would help if the Law allowed people to live and love as they pleased.
Yeah, local law. Always on the ball.
By all accounts, the crisis appears to be spreading and the federal government is mobilizing a response as more and more law enforcement and emergency systems appear to be simply shutting dow...
The most advanced transistors today are at 65 nanometers, and we've seen, and I've had the pleasure to invest in, companies that give me great confidence that we'll extend Moore's Law all the way down to roughly the 10 nanometer scale.
Yet the law and the circumstances of our position are such that thousands of complications appear which at present, while resting after all her sufferings and trials, she neither sees nor wishes to see.
If we take this additional evidence into consideration, the second law must be modified.
So here's a great puzzle: in a universe ruled by the second law of thermodynamics, how is it possible to generate the sort of complexity I've described, the sort of complexity represented by you and me and the convention center?
We see that the Rhine has become Frenchified, yet the Germans do not stand on a lower level!' he shouted. 'There is some other law!'
If you can't get a lawyer who knows the law, get one who knows the judge.
Reason has discovered the struggle for existence and the law that I must throttle all those who hinder the satisfaction of my desires.
Tom was punished for daring to break the unwritten law.
Isaiah Berlin put it this way: "Law sets frontiers, not artificially drawn, within which men shall be inviolable."
He was not thinking that the law of Christ, which all his life he had tried to fulfil, told him to forgive and love his enemies but a joyous feeling of forgiveness and love for his enemies, filled his soul.
So, for example on the left panel, top panel, you see a liver.
He found him insufficiently nourished and his liver much enlarged, and that the waters had had no effect at all.
I am a sick man… I am a spiteful man. I am an unpleasant man. I think my liver is diseased.
Karenin had not expected him to-day and was surprised to see him, and yet more surprised that the doctor questioned him very particularly about his state of health, sounding his chest and tapping and feeling his liver.
It's got this sort of soap opera-like lifestyle; they have sex, they burrow into your liver, they tunnel into your blood cells ...
When food is scarce, they divert nutrients towards the really critical organ, the brain, and away from other organs like the heart and liver.
You could now start doing surgery everywhere, on the gut, on the liver, on the heart, on the brain.
Two weeks later, you have something that looks like a liver.
Again, fairly more complex organs, but by far, the most complex solid organs are actually the vascularized, highly vascularized, a lot of blood vessel supply, organs such as the heart, the liver, the kidneys.
Shortly after I performed the first liver transplant, I received my next assignment, and that was to go to the prisons to harvest organs from executed prisoners.
I think it's my fucking liver, 'cause I don't know anything about livers...
New Orleans is grits with easy over egg with brown gravy and liver smothered with onions with toast bread on a Sunday morning.
I think my liver's in my throat, but...good job, Fi.
From Switzerland we have calves' liver. - From old England, we have roast beef.
Real grab bag. Full of guts, liver, spleen. Hmm.
Various products were developed, such as a logo, brochures, technical documents and a video.
It's got your logo on the back and I assume it's signed by you.
Ithink it was a great logo and I loved the way you used the two-headed eagle, our national emblem, creating that Eastern European version of it.
That logo that was on the flash drive that Waller gave you.
I will "feel the excitement" when a clone with our logo encased in fancy plastic running Lotus 1-2-3 is on the shelves over at Sears and people are shoving each other out the way to get to it with their wallets hanging open.
But someone has to endure the soul-swallowing humiliation of having their name and face broadcast next to the ACN logo for the next six hours.
It's because it's a lot harder for knock-off artists to knock off these designs because they can't knock off the logo.
And I look at the logo -- okay, good.
When you take the logo off, you're opening up the interpretations and making the work inconclusive, opposed to conclusive when you are advertising.
But the meanings changed in the sense that with the logo on, you're closing all the lines of interpretation down to selling a product and that's all you're doing.
And if you're wondering how much 16K is, this eBay logo here is 16K.
If Zappa's music is performed, it gets its own logo.
I drew the logo for Citibank on a napkin in the first meeting.
I think that's rather creepy, actually. Why would a neighborhood have a logo?
We made idiotic presentations showing how the Citi logo made sense, and how it was really derived from an umbrella, and we made animations of these things, and we came back and forth and back and forth and back and forth.
So Google just took their logo and they spread it out.
I have been to their lines I have counted each man I will tell what I can
One cavalryman, however, did discover something odd a man's name painted on the monument in the town square.
You're my best man Without you, we'd be dead already.
My brother's a military man and trained in the art of warfare.
What I mean to say, Benjamin, is that you are a man of blood, not some deskbound clerk.
Regardless of points, medals or wounds... each man in the 101st Airborne would be going home.
You've done more than any other man could have done in the service of his country.
It was a Tamworth man who captured one of the Enigma coding machines from the Germans in the war.
One day a man told me, "My future does not look brilliant, but I want to have a brilliant future for my son."
Being a very kind-hearted man he seldom got angry, but when he did, and when his chin twitched, then he was dangerous, as Alexander Vronsky knew.
He was about to apologize when the man punched him in the face.
I woke up, they opened the door, I went out to get some fresh air, and I looked and there was a man running across the runway.
The lawyer was a short, thick-set, bald-headed man, with a black beard tinged with red, long light-coloured eyebrows, and a bulging forehead: He was as spruce as a bridegroom, from his white necktie and double watch-chain to his patent leather boots.
The average man fails not because he lacks ability, but because he lacks ability to concentrate.
Man: That's right. And it seemed obvious to me that it was probably the number of people on it.
He could not feel repentant that he, a handsome amorous man of thirty-four, was not in love with his wife, the mother of five living and two dead children and only a year younger than himself.
He is the very man that I'm looking for.
So to start with an illustration, you need almost no information, one snapshot of a stranger, to guess what this woman is thinking, or what this man is.
Even if a hedgehog, a mole, an otter, a rabbit or an opossum look like a rodent, they aren't.
You ever Google the word "mole", Darwin?
They already had a mole in Shut Down Dunwell, so they wanted me to set up an anti-Dunwell group and cross-contaminate.
Penny, we know there was a mole inside the organisation.
You realise all this could just prove that Harry is the mole?
- If any animal could tunnel, it would be a mole.
Well, the mole must have told him, right?
- l'm not a dratted mole, you know.
But the accusation's being made that he's our mole.
You, my friend, have got a mole in your group.
He had this amazing series of hairs growing out of a mole on the left side of his face, which I'm told is very good luck.
And then you made me come all the way up here to Seattle just for some ugly old mole?
Oh, and she had a mole right over her lip.
Number 1 1 8, why was there no mole on Number Twelve's wrist?
Back then, she told me she had had a mole there which had changed and had gone to her head.
You drop trou, and we hope to God there's no mole.
I've got a mole on my hip and I can't stand turnips.
Am I the only one, for example, who knows that you have a charming little mole just here?
Your Majesty stop me if I'm wrong about this, but wasn't your mole on the other side?
My king, There is a red mole which is a size of a little fingernail somewhere on my body.
This visualization could explain, for example, why newborns, or smokers, put, instinctively, their fingers in the mouth.
'As you see,' said Vronsky, frowning and wiping his mouth, without looking at the speaker.
Cover your mouth when you cough, sneeze, or yawn.
There is evidence that the human mouth and teeth are growing smaller all the time.
He opened his mouth to say that she had behaved improperly, but involuntarily said something quite different.
Once, when I went to my friend Kawai's house, he fired a pistol. He thought it was not loaded and pointed it at my mouth, but it was and the bullet grazed my ear before hitting the closet.
This is my grandmother, and this is where I get this mouth.
'Papa!' exclaimed Kitty and closed his mouth with her hands.
I only have one mouth, but I have two ears.
And so when you look at someone's face, you'd typically go from eye to eye to eye to nose to mouth.
In the nearby foothills... at the mouth of a small canyon... was a typical roundup camp... presided over by a typical cowboy cook named Slim.
What's the only thing that has a bigger mouth than Linda Lovelace?
Yesterday the body of Rebecca Bowman was found near the mouth of the Dellwood Basin.
It's at a river mouth, downstream from the village,
It'll have to be mostly enclosed, like at the mouth of a canyon or something.
"His Britannic Majesty will receive Walcheren, "the mouth of the Scheldt and Cadzand "as his share of the conquered provinces.
'We then broke out the map and went off to find the mouth of our river.
At the delta's mouth - the largest mangrove forest in the world, the Sundarbans.
BELL RINGS We're going to find the mouth of the river, track that back to its source, and we've done it.
For ten hours a night, up to 280 times an hour, for 180 days of the year, at the mouth of the Catatumbo River in Venezuela.
It's not just a house, the neighborhood is Fulcrum.
She just moved into the neighborhood and she needs a lot of help.
And the neighborhood, the big trees, grass, birds.
This is a missile that can destroy an entire neighborhood, and now, it's directed towards the house of Mr. Senay's mom, Hayriye.
We are not gonna intimidate anybody if we're entertaining the whole goddamn neighborhood.
I didn't think the whole neighborhood needed to see the photos.
After they finish turning this neighborhood into a cesspool, what makes you think they're not gonna look up at that high mountain of ours and want that too.
By the way, the whole neighborhood can smell what you're doing.
Used to run all over the neighborhood pretending you were that guy with the umbrella, Steve.
And so the profile is sort of for your average San Francisco neighborhood: a lot of young people.
A consult that the patient hasn't requested but that the friendly neighborhood ortho resident thinks is worth pursuing.
To start off, my hotel is condemned, like the entire neighborhood...
I didn't realize a whole neighborhood could be over.
I love this neighborhood, and I don't want it to change.
Nice neighborhood. It almost looked safe... until now.
Now South Park has another neighborhood to mingle and relax.
We like the neighborhood, but some odd things have gone on with this house.
I hate this bar, these guys, this neighborhood !
Well, I know the neighborhood is less than ideal, but a house like this, at this price?
'I am sorry I told you,' said Koznyshev, shaking his head at his brother's excitement. 'I sent to find out where he is living, and forwarded him a note of hand he had given to Trubin, which I had paid.
"Mr Poldark, I give you notice that your promissory note "for ã1,000 plus interest at 40%, "will fall due and must be paid in full".
- Mr Ewart, ofJanus Cars, had a 20,000 Colombian peso note in his wallet.
And for your information, I am holding up a 50-pound note.
Most importantly, we now have a matching note found by Aberdeen police in Burke's club.
"And I'll tell you what, you're going to get down on your knees "and you're going to wait for that note to come out."
The note I gave you even had a little tear in it.
Yeah, I have in my possession a very rare and extraordinarily pornographic £27 note, which may be of interest to a man in your position.
A native banker's note for 1,200 rupees... and a signature good from here to China.
So what you’re smelling now is the top note.
Every single bead, every single colored band, represents a weather element that can also be read as a musical note.
But you can also understand that if you have a disease within one of these columns, the note is going to be off.
Mental note to the liberators: throwaway plastics take a lot of space and don't biodegrade.
And what we're learning now is that you can't listen to a five-billion-year long symphony, get to today and say, "Stop! We want tomorrow's note to be the same as it was today."
and every note, every beat, every slur, every accent, every pedal was perfect, because he played it for that room on that day.
Each note of this solo has to sound like something lost... but not in vain.
Note: Turkmenistan did not receive funds under the 1993 budget
The smudges and the slants on the letter indicate that the note was written by the left-handed twin.
A note may not be as long as it is written and may not be marked as long as it should be held.
Hey, I got your note you wanted to see me.
A different note. Mrs. Rein Holtz, on his way home to Queens- - Got out to call her man and ask him to turn off the oven.
Excuse me if I don't read every note the school sends home.
Mr. X has hit us three times in the last nine months, the same crime done in the same way and always within a few hours of sending us the same note...
Look, I know you have no reason to trust me right now, but I just got a little note from the Engineer.
The source just left a note and asked for a new drop location.
And if he couldn't be, then he would call, or he would send a note orflowers, or he'd...
Hey, uh, I had a note that you were interested in any blonde Jane Does in the 45 to 55 range.
Whenever we had dissection in Biology, he always had a note from home to excuse him.
And I'm telling you nobody who's serious about killing you sends you a note beforehand to warn you.
The tango sequence took 33 days, about five weeks, because there was a lot of play between who is holding the nut, where it's going, so it takes a great deal of Polish time.
Right, you say that like it's a nut you're allergic to.
He can shoot a nut out of a squirrel's paw at 400 yards.
Okay, I'm done with this sweet rice water that has a pine nut floating in it.
He doesn't try to crack the nut straight away, but drops it to the ground.
We enter it into and through the dilated cervical channel and position it around the head of the fetus, and you crack it like a nut, and then you pull out the fetus, and there you have it.
Son, whether you want to win a girl or crack a nut, the key is persistence.
Go get my son and bring him and his giant nut out here right now.
So the mongongo nut is collected from piles of elephant droppings which brings us all shuffling downstairs in our pyjamas to the ill-stocked refrigerator that is general ignorance.
The first job is to tear the tough fibrous husk from the nut.
By the time y'all walk away from this... your faces are gonna be shrunken and shriveled... just like your one nut.
I'm so hungry I could eat a Troll's left nut.
But I mean, if you ask any guy, most would be willing to give their left nut to sleep with their high school teacher.
I'd give my right nut to know what he's saying.
I found out we need to start going on offense.
Aren't you the one who told me life isn't about playing defense, sometimes the only way to succeed is by working the offense?
We don't know who or what is gunning for us, but the best defense is a good offense.
"lt is by means of a human personality entirely in his possession that Satan will wage his last and formidable offense."
We need to go on offense if we're gonna get out of this, so I say that we go fishing for assassins.
Time to stop playing defense and get back on offense.
"That our soldiers, when they take on the offense at the Eastern front, won't know any pardon, and won't give a quarter."
Pablo and his lawyers went on the offense, trying to smear Lara with accusations.
Well, sir, Mr. Skinner feels it would be better not to prosecute an individual that has committed a blatant offense.
The offense that was committed was not committed against me, it was not committed against my wife.
If this... egg thing really is the generator of the dome like I've heard, you keeping it squirreled away is a very serious offense:
Henry, she tried to kill Shipperly. - That's a hanging offense.
What you've done isn't just grounds for suspension, it's an indictable offense!
You know, going through someone's mail is a federal offense.
No record, no priors, no previous criminal offense.
Are you aware... that stealing rations is a capital offense at sea?
Contributing to an offense of abuse of Minors is a very serious thing.
Which makes me wonder why Gavin chose this diner for his first offense.
It's a call option on the common stock of a company, issued as a form of cash compensation.
And that option on that stock allows you the privilege but not the obligation to buy or sell.
So you may have a stock and you have an option on that stock.
My option to sell Barton Foods at $34 is about to expire 'cause I thought the patient would be better by now.
-I've told you, it's only an option...
So I printed another version of this, where I eliminated the middle option.
People didn't know what to do because they had never been presented with the option before.
Because the worst thing we have done in Afghanistan is this idea that failure is not an option.
In fact, relative to the option in the middle, which was get only the print for 125, the print and web for 125 looked like a fantastic deal.
Maybe give them another option other than being wiped out.
This is an attractive option for clients who lease assets that will probably be technically obsolete In a couple of years, like computer systems.
You have the option, if there's enough of you, to get rid of me.
If you need to get out of a zip tie and you can't cut yourself free, your best option is to find a shim.
Breaking down the door is not my first option, but I don't have time to pull a warrant.
If you're giving me the option, I'd say, "This one's real."
I'd want him to be unselfish, and look for the pass first and not shoot all the time.
Do you remember after the homecoming game... after you threw the winning pass to beat Carlmont,... you and I went behind the scoreboard and...
- Oh, you're not gonna give me a pass?
- a blitz off the corner, quick pass over the middle.
Well, every time you're going to throw a quick pass to the left side, you rub your hands together then pat the ball twice.
Looks to be a-no, it's a little shuttle pass To cafferty.
Now Donnelly clears himself off the boards and takes a pass in the slot.
There's a cross-ice pass to Thompson, who ices it.
Donnelly jumps into the play and takes a cross-ice pass. The Ice Wolves charge across the blue line.
I remember how my dad used to say how he'd be there the day... I threw my first pass for the Sharks.
And from there, we will funnel them into the mountain pass we call the Hot Gates.
It's about a force of Spartans led by King Leonidas, who defend a mountain pass against a vast Persian army.
Two roads lead here: one through the mountain pass, another - along the old river bed.
No. The quickest way to the Emperor is through that pass.
Patchi would soon realize that the herd had entered an all-too-familiar mountain pass.
If those humans get through the pass, you'll never catch them.
This one is when we reached the top of the pass.
Across the river, through ... 300 Leagues of heavy forest, and a mountain pass?
Okay, we take the South pass, cut them off at the beach, and smash their boats before they even...
And the Afghan soldier was so surprised to see me that he forgot to stamp my passport.
I became very nervous when I couldn't locate my passport.
Because if you only have the Iranian passport, you're kind of limited to the countries you can go to with open arms, you know -- Syria, Venezuela, North Korea.
I lost my passport. I'll have to get a new one.
But I was born in Iran; I'm now an American citizen, which means I have the American passport, which means I can travel.
The U.S. president's passport is black, not blue like an average citizen's.
Tom didn't remember where he'd put his passport.
They all went through, and then the border patrol saw my American passport.
Do you need a visa to go to Australia if you have a British passport?
I must insist, may I see your passport please?
his passport shall be drawn and crowns for convoy put into his purse:
The trumpet is like a passport that enables me to travel to a new world
His passport shall be made and crowns for convoy put into his purse.
Okay, got out of the town car, went into the building, met the new security guard, showed him my passport, went through the gates,
That asteroid is our passport into the Altern system, and out again when we've finished, right under the noses of the Federation.
If your pen could replicate, that would be a bit of a problem.
Now, this requires another piece of hardware, which is this infrared pen.
"Give me something to write with." "Will this ball-point pen do?"
Lakshmi Pratury remembers the lost art of letter-writing and shares a series of notes her father wrote to her before he died. Her short but heartfelt talk may inspire you to set pen to paper, too.
I need an envelope, a piece of paper, and a pencil or a pen.
My pen moves along the page like the snout of a strange animal shaped like a human arm and dressed in the sleeve of a loose green sweater.
"Do you have a pen?" "Yes, I have one."
I need an envelope, a piece of paper, and a pencil or a pen.
"Do you have a pen?" "Yes, I have one."
My pen won't work. What did you do to it?
And I'm given a horse and we go get the lambs and we take them to a pen that we built, and we go about the business of animal husbandry.
if you hadn't left the pen open, I could've had a good sleep.
So the reindeer sees Santa here die violently, breaks out of the pen, tracks through the fresh blood.
They bring them here, to a kind of holding pen.
Well, he's back in his pen, safe and sound, probably dreaming of the day he grows up and becomes a pork chop.
One member from each team will enter the pen and herd an animal into one of these cages.
'In less than two minutes the Aussies had all the sheep back in the pen. '
So we get a cosy pen and good food.
I think he'll put them in a pen where they can play.
And he takes out a fucking screwdriver and jumps into the pen, and everybody's going, "Oh, fuck, no", like, and the short fella starts stabbing big fucking holes in the side of this cow, like.
He said that what I done is a hanging case and that he's prepared to ask for the maximum penalty.
The penalty for this disgusting un-American... behaviour is one year in prison... or a $10,000 fine.
"The prescribed penalty for the violation is immediate ejection from the game. "
You, uh... you know the penalty for perjury, Mrs. Florrick?
Is there any penalty less than death which will do?
Do you know what the penalty is for falsely representing the King?
They just made me take down the flyers as a penalty for the pinatas.
Do you realize the penalty for having a radio is death?
What has this man done to merit such a penalty?
Do you know what the penalty is for transporting an animal proven harmful to human life?
You replaying our epic penalty shot over and over in your head and finally realizing that maybe it wasn't a goal after all.
Hung, you've been a star player for twenty years. Since Fung missed the penalty kick and lost his golden leg, you no longer have any rivals.
16 goals for Cristiano in La Liga, and the fifth penalty for the Portuguese player.
Two periods by 45 minutes, and then the series of eleven-metre penalty kick.
And there's Allain, Lyon's great penalty taker.
"You've got a ten second drive-by penalty," which ruins the race.
89 minutes a couple of brothers deciding everything by a penalty kick.
Dad, I'm going to teach you how to shoot a penalty.
But they did give me two choices a wheelchair for life... or a deliberate penalty against the Germans.
That's an English footballer just before a penalty shoot-out.
Not a penny more if I was to be boiled for it.
How can you say that, when I sank every penny into buying 1,000 acres of Brazilian rainforest.
I won't pay a penny more than 25,000 a man.
You have not a penny of your own and cannot transact any business without her signature.
Good. You shall get a penny for every mark on your face, sixpence for a bloody nose, a shilling for a black eye, two shillings for a broken nose.
I'm not authorized to pay you a penny more than expenses.
Think about a little eight-Year-Old girl Who never got one penny for her crippling injuries Because she died before her case came to trial.
I'll take thee and thy blasted practice for every penny!
You take my last penny and call it a trifle.
See a penny, pick it up, all day long you'll have good luck.
It cost 10 dollars per base pair in 1990, then a penny in 2000.
I will take every penny he has in the bank and every dollar of political capital that he has in this town.
- Dinesh, we need to cut every corner, save every penny, and plow it into engineers to build the platform.
Every penny that I owe the trust... and that's around $5 million...
Every penny counts, so thank you, guys, for being such good sports.
We put a penny in ajar every time we have sex.
Well, Miss Tiana, rough night for tips, but every little penny counts.
I think you're going to need every penny just to keep her happy.
I just came down here to let you know you can go ahead and do whatever you care to with Jonathan Sidwell, but if you use his algorithm, we're gonna sue you for every penny that comes from it.
He once picked up a penny off the street, which he then reported on his taxes.
I cannot fill my pitcher with water. It's cracked.
You no longer understand him anything he asked me for a pitcher of umbrellas
I need three... I mean, one pitcher of beer and three napkins.
You have tissues, towels, a pitcher of water and a sink.
I will pour a pitcher of cold water on your head!
Last time they hid the spectacles in the water pitcher.
I see through you as clearly as I see through this pitcher.
God forbid our little Max should have to lug a heavy pitcher of beer in her delicate hands.
Or ever the silver cord be loosed, or the golden bowl be broken, or the pitcher be broken at the fountain, or the wheel be broken at the cistern.
Can you believe they're charging $50 a pitcher?
Also, I'm the starting pitcher for the Blue Cats today.
My favorite pitcher for the Red Sox, Bill Monbouquette was also my father's favorite.
I guess my pitcher was just a little bit better than yours.
Well, now that I think about it, that pitcher didn't seem any great shakes to me, either.
Enatsu, Hanshin's pitcher, throws his fourth ball!
Oh my God... their pitcher was able to hit him right on the bat.
This dad took one look at Chris and thought he'd suck, but it turns out Chris is a great pitcher.
I mean... knocked this guy out of the park, and the pitcher is seething, he's having a bad day.
I mean, it takes a talented pitcher like yourself and just gives you that little extra...boost, you know?
Little Stan Marsh is the pitcher for the South Park Little League team, and Stan, how does it feel to be playing for the State Championship?
"I think he's going to hijack the plane with some ice cream."
The plane had already taken off when I reached the airport.
So instead of trying to make a car that can fly, we decided to try to make a plane that could drive.
I relied on some other group to determine whether my plane was safe to fly.
That was the first time I got on a plane.
I saw a manta ray that looked as big as the plane I was flying in.
We hurried to the airport, but we missed the plane.
I was bawling my eyes out by the time the plane landed -- a pretty emotional moment.
If I had taken that plane, I would be dead now.
Arriving at the airport, I saw the plane taking off.
In particular, it could invent things like a curve which fills the plane.
But fully interactively on standard graphics cards on a normal computer, I can just put in a clip plane.
I looked down and saw the plane on which you live.
as longas we don't break the plane,we should remain unharmed.
So it follows that in Spaceland, when I see a plane and infer a solid, I really see a fourth unrecognized dimension.
Well, I would suggest that you un-cuff the one person that can fly this plane and save your lives.
We successfully negotiate the treacherous radiation belts and accomplish the ring plane crossing.
Oh, if you can't grub it to this day how parallel to the plane differs from the perpendicular...
To me it's a flat plane, on top of which you move around.
The problem is we are sitting in the Milky Way, and the galactic center is sort of just along the way through the entire plane of this big spiral galaxy we're sitting in.
Okay. Place three fingers above the ear and two or three fingers in front of that on the side where the first pupil blew.
She started pushing her hair back behind her ear. I stared into her right eye and her pupil was dilated.
His right pupil's not dilated anymore, and he's normotensive but his pulse is still up in the 130s.
The eye is enormous, but the pupil takes up a lot of space.
You'll be fine, as long as it doesn't hit you in the pupil because then the whole ball will go up like the Death Star.
Your intake of breath, facial gestures, pupil dilation, hand movements.
Her pupil did not react to the bright lights.
If the aeronautics factory is like a huge eyeball The laboring is its pupil
He's gone limp. He's seizing, and now his right pupil is dilating. He could be herniating.
Pupil dilation response was next to zero, and so he appeared dead.
They both experienced what is felt by a pupil who has failed in an examination and has to remain in the same class or be finally expelled from the school.
The gentle teacher bestowing wisdom upon the young and eager pupil.
In order to be eligible to enter the competition, a pupil must have an overall average mark of over 8 (10 is the highest).
The Karate Kid was William Zabka, star pupil of the Cobra Kai Dojo, who this monster defeated with a cheap, illegal head-kick in the most tragically haunting film ending of all time.
One royal pupil, and all of Vienna will come flocking.
As you can see, this pupil did not do his homework... because he had to work at the farm.
MISS SUSAN, ONCE YOUR PUPIL AND NOW YOUR MOST OBEDIENT, MA'AM.
I'm putting my pencils and rubbers away like a good pupil.
Melon baller! But Robo couldn't handle the big Fisch. The pupil becomes the master!
"My pupil is now a big eye specialist.
- If we don't think we deserve a detention, shouldn't we be allowed to bring that query to a review board of sorts?
- Uh, in response to your query, Unfortunately, we don't have any record of such an adoption.
Well, until NHS Direct get back to me about my pregnant werewolf query, we have no other option.
But he duly wrote a reply politely explaining that the query was nonsense.
Including a query about how to defeat the queen and her curse. So why don't you ask it yourselves?
I do have a parting query, Sir Thomas.
On a more pertinent note, I'm here to finish the query that was disrupted by my unfortunately timed knee accident.
Perhaps Captain Hunter is best suited to answer that query.
But since you did not hesitate to interrogate me about Katrina, I think I'm entitled to my query.
60 minutes, and then I will answer your query, And I think I might actually have something else for you.
So this is a query that we had -- I guess it's a popular band that was more popular in some parts of the world than others.
But you can also search in the digital world, or maybe you can write a query, saying, "What is Dr. Smith's address?"
Here we have DS Flynn raising a query about KRG-13 at the forensic office days before anyone else.
This somewhat innocent query led to a series of clicks, and within an hour of his first search,
Uh, now, eventually at the end of the meal, we're gonna want the passion fruit soufflé, but I have a query.
In answer to your query, they're written down for me.
Now, inform your commanding officer that the Federation Council can expect an official query...
There's a query about a personnel transporter you took from the pool.
If you have a query on a credit, you should take that up with the Account Management Centre.
If you want to query it out, you can take it up with the White House.
Just, uh, a tiny waist, firm butt, great rack.
Ma'am, in the leopard dress, you have an amazing rack.
Sabrina's also got a great rack, but if you tell her that, she makes you sit way over here.
Oh, you just wanted to come here so you could show off your new rack.
Did you check out the rack on that bartender?
On a steep learning curve but good natural rack.
I've got blond hair, blue eyes, great rack.
So i say go with the girl with the nice rack.
Yeah, as you walked by, I heard one of them say, "check out the rack on that one."
Well, my beer isn't flat and my rack's not saggy.
Think of them as your friends. The rack?
What's it to be, father, hot oil or the rack?
Father,when the rack embraces him,he will confess.
Rather violently, using a method that was quite popular during the Spanish Inquisition, known as the rack.
One word from him and I'd be back Beneath the lash, upon the rack
Seriously, Mike, this bed is a torture rack.
It's called "Sex is a racket, and God's ball is in your court."
Here's... I don't know what this is, but you guys like it, and here's your tennis racket.
You'd be surprised what a racket can tell you.
As the years go by, I like my sports with a little more leverage, like, say, a racket.
Between the sun and moon, there -- there's a bicycle, a tennis racket, and a camera.
And this funny whatchamacallit, this over here, that is called a tennis racket.
Hey, doesn't Newman have a Bruline racket?
Doesn't mean the racket won't talk to us.
There's a badminton racket that belonged to Charles Dickens. Makes you think you're an orphan.
Nog... where did you get this springball racket?
"So now, Frenchy has a nice, new racket, baby laundries.
The police say he was mixed up in some, uh... racket?
We know you ran bo's protection racket into the dirt, so it don't take a prophet to see the future from here.
The police have a crazy notion that he was mixed up in some sort of a racket.
You got a real racket going with that candy machine.
You're not going anywhere, so you might as well stop the racket.
Well, you're getting good at this Godlike doctor racket.
We know you ran Bo's protection racket into the dirt,
Some petty racket with gasoline or something. Just like a cop.
And we're zooming in by a factor of 100,000 times to obtain the resolution, so that we can see the branches of neurons all at the same time.
Because our acquisition of social learning would create a social and evolutionary dilemma, the resolution of which, it's fair to say, would determine not only the future course of our psychology, but the future course of the entire world.
This is the number one high resolution, most precise spectrograph on this planet, called HARPS, which is actually used to detect extrasolar planets and sound waves in the atmospheres of stars.
Since then we've had WMAP, which just gives us higher angular resolution.
The next step after that is to test it in Antartica and then, if the funding continues and NASA has the resolution to go, we could potentially launch by 2016, and by 2019 we may have the first evidence of life off this planet.
Do you believe, and can you tell us why, there is going to be a significant shift in things like violence and peace and conflict and resolution on a sustainable basis?
This is a new imaging technique that combines the highest resolution ct-scans with cutting edge computer power
The development of private sector farmers faces various major problems, the resolution of which is a key challenge for the future development of the agriculture sector in most N IS countries.
Those images have high enough resolution to be used by the forgers.
In hopes of a peaceful resolution, we set forth the following demands:
A resolution condemning Hizb al-Shahid is certainly forthcoming, ma'am.
Declaration of Resolution: I, Kim Do Jin, from this time forward, no longer recognizes Lee Jung Rok.
And I'm here, working late, and my head gets clogged trying to figure out what concurrent resolution 45-B has to do with a real person.
A continuing resolution to extend no later than January 3rd, midnight to include a reduction by 1 percent...
I'd need a resolution from the security council first.
A resolution is about to be brought before the Centaurum declaring me and my house traitors to the Republic.
Maybe your resolution should be not to make fun of your friends.
And when the resolution goes to a vote, I expect Israel to support it like the loyal ally she is.
Declaration of Resolution: Park Min Sook, dearest sister-in-law... I, Choi Yoon, may be the bosom friend of the accused, Lee Jung Rok, but I am also the legal counselor of the plaintiff, Park Min Sook.
Francis, I will get this peacekeeping resolution passed through the General Assembly.
Writing such an unjustifiable sentence and continuing in order to justify it, Kafka's work became the masterpiece of contemporary literature.
Tom was fucking Mary while translating this sentence on his Android device.
Then, knowing the geographical location and the time, we can also then figure out the weather when that person wrote the sentence.
Could someone make an example sentence in German using the word "Beispiel?"
And I wonder if some of you will notice the construction of the sentence from "The Great Gatsby."
I understand the sentence, but I'm not able to translate it.
When it saw a period, it knew how to make a sentence sound like it was ending instead of staying up in the air.
Let's face it: this sentence is simply bad.
Now, unless you're a prison guard, the sentence "Some jobs are jails" is literally false.
I tried to translate the sentence "The cat says "meow" into five languages, but none of the translations was correct.
That very sentence already reveals the doom of destruction of happiness.
When writing a sentence, generally you start with a capital letter and finish with a period (.), an exclamation mark (!), or a question mark (?).
In difficult times, pessimism is a self-fulfilling, self-inflicted death sentence."
Instead, all they have to do is look up on the list what kind of sentence goes with what kind of crime.
These drugs aren't cures, but they represent a huge triumph of science because they take away the automatic death sentence from a diagnosis of HIV, at least for those who can access them.
This is a man who admitted on this stand to carrying out the sentence he believed the alleged rapists of his daughter deserved!
Sentence made public after execution... in such detail that it alarms the whole army... and also the whole civilian population.
And asking the Lord for guidance the judge gave them their sentence.
Following that, this sentence will be immediately executed for the entertainment of His Shadow's loyal followers
He's already been given a death sentence, Alex.
But if we can find ways to give more choices to both, that will give us a set of rules for changing rules that get us out of traps.
And so if we look at recent crashes -- the whole data set is almost 30 years' worth of data -- you won't see it in the recent crashes. The new car seats are far, far better."
This is from Virgin Atlantic upper-class, it's the cruet salt and pepper set.
Now we can rotate this set of charges in seven dimensions and consider an odd fact about the matter particles: the second and third generations of matter have exactly the same charges in six-dimensional charge space as the first generation.
So they agreed, "Okay, what we'll do is we agree on a common set of standards, code of conduct.
But if you instead look at what is common to the world's cultures, you find that there is an enormously rich set of behaviors and emotions and ways of construing the world that can be found in all of the world's 6,000-odd cultures.
It's basically a large data set of information that's all freely available to any scientist around the world.
And then my other second set of rules -- I hate to say "rules" because it's art -- my criteria would be the three H's, which is head, heart and hands.
Because in ALL leukemia, that set of genes over there over-expresses.
One set of ideas or another have simply replaced our biological imperatives in our own lives.
Tuesday night I'm doing a set at The Mint.
So, if we can find a club where Fol Chen played this set recently, we can figure out where he works.
All right, Brian, we win this set, the tournament's ours.
Game, set and match. You're a champion.
Hey, I'm playing a set at the Ryman this week.
Who would have thought 40 minutes ago that we'd be in a fifth set?
Game, set and match, huh, Milos?
Dre, I don't even think I have enough songs for a full set.
If I'd known you were coming I never would have coaxed Augustus into playing that second set.
We'll plead insanity and he'll be sectioned and off to Bedlam before lunch on the first day, game, set and match.
In that the shell was originally conceived as a lightweight, modern, futuristic, high-tech pod for hurtling down the freeway, and the interiors were completely out of sync with that.
The man is a shell of himself, can't watch Wheel of Fortune because Vanna reminds him of his devastation.
They built this place when the shell was lowered down from orbit.
It's just a shell, had all the life-energy drained out of her.
I threw her round that Renault 5 like she was an empty shell suit.
I feel completely empty inside, like I am just some fucking shell and—
But Caleb, remember... her body is a shell now.
Because the pathetic shell of a person I'm looking at right now doesn't deserve to stand on the presidential seal in the oval office, let alone tell the president what to do.
- No? It's this hard outer shell I use to deflect pain and sadness.
When we first met, I-I... had a shell around my heart.
A marketplace was hit by a mortar shell that killed several members of a single family.
I grab her, roll under the bed, and the second shell hits.
There's one kind of shell which comes with a crescendo like an express train, only faster.
Stern, if this factory ever produces a shell that can actually be fired, I'll be very unhappy.
The shell that hit the foxhole Luz and I were in was a dud.
I have a shell the size of a fist in my head Pork Chop Hill.
Orphaned at 10 when a shell collapsed their apartment building.
You're not an artillery shell, Danny, you're a man.
We were right in the middle of a Mexican hat dance when a 200-mm shell whistled in and blew the whole band to kingdom come.
And when that shell went off in my hands, I completed my task.
CA: There are a lot of causes out there in the world that have been talked about, you know, poverty, sickness and so on. You spent eight years on this one.
And into the silence, I said, "I'd be happy to speak at your school, but just so you know, that's not a wellness week, that's a sickness week.
And it turned out that never, in all the times my dad gave out this pill, the really tiny pill, did anyone ever come back still complaining of sickness.
- I don't hold with plague and sleeping sickness and famine and cancer, but they happen all the same.
Sickness will surely take the mind Where minds can't usually go
From the devil, the accused obtained power of sickness and death over others, and in order to harm her master, Mr. Mouliné, she cast an evil spell on his youngest son.
And she had found the tool to cut the sickness from the herd.
I don't know why - must be space sickness.
I guarantee him what will not feel the most light sickness.
No, doctor, I'm not exposed to the mountain sickness.
'Altogether,' she thought, looking back at the whole of her life during those fifteen years of wedlock, 'pregnancy, sickness, dullness of mind, indifference to everything, and above all disfigurement.
The sickness will pass once we get used to the altitude.
Yeah. I guess the extra weight, the morning sickness the mood swings the medical examinations-- they aren't reminders enough.
But I have morning sickness and I have on underwear that goes up to there.
I had awful morning sickness with Matt, and the only thing that would make me better was a Coke and a bag of Twizzlers.
For me to have morning sickness when I'm not even the one pregnant.
Sun's almost up and my morning sickness is about to kick in.
The horrible killing sickness had whooshed up and turned the joy of battle into a feeling I was going to snuff it.
She saw me nibbling on saltines when I had some morning sickness.
But quick as a shot came the sickness. Like a detective who'd been watching around the corner and now followed to make his arrest.
That is a valley, I'm not heading down into there, the source of the Nile isn't going to be in a valley.
"One of them is the true source, and even today, in 2012, "experts have not been able to determine which it is.
So I follow it up... and the source is in those rocks.
'..we decided the actual source was in northern Tanzania.'
I mean, finding the source of the Nile, if we can say this is it...
Finding its source has occupied the minds and claimed the lives of explorers for thousands of years.
'And since our source had to be further from the Mediterranean 'than either of these two, it had to be further south.'
All we have left now is to get to the source of the river.
And whoever finds the source first - into the history books, buried in Westminster Abbey.
Man has known for 160 years that Lake Victoria is the source of the Nile, and it's not like we could miss it.
But we are now in a new era of neuroscience, one in which we can finally look directly at brain function in real time with no risks and no side effects, non-invasively, and find the true source of so many disabilities in children.
"She would never judge her own accomplishments, but she has succeeded in achieving what she set out to do in her first year," the source said.
Now, we know that tomatoes are a good source of lycopene, and lycopene is antiangiogenic.
Youtube is the source of fame of brand new stupid singers like Justin Bieber
Well it is, because everything that can't be used for anything else is made into a fuel that can be used as renewable energy source.
Another interesting source of energy is the heat that can be recovered from radioactive waste material.
And very rapidly, they became multi-cellular, they could replicate, they could use photosynthesis as a way of getting their energy source.
And what we've done is that we've turned the bullet into a light source, so that bullet is actually shining, and it makes it really easy to find these fragments.
And I can't claim for sure that the optical source brought it in, because there's bait right there.
Now to charge the battery, we connect a source of electricity.
The stage is going out tomorrow instead of Monday with a load of silver.
How do you reckon Curly Bill found out the stage was leavin' on Sunday?
Now they will hang the stage killing on your neck.
That's why he held up the stage and killed my brother.
- I want you to ride shotgun on my stage tomorrow.
They reopened the hunting season on stage coaches... pull up your pants you sloba and follow me.
And this is the diagram of stage four kidney cancer from the drug I eventually got.
The next stage introduces entities that are significantly more fragile, significantly more vulnerable, but they're also much more creative and much more capable of generating further complexity.
Each stage is magical because it creates the impression of something utterly new appearing almost out of nowhere in the universe.
The main singer disappears at the beginning of the opera and the entire stage becomes the main character. It becomes his legacy.
And, the following year, set out on the second stage of the Pacific, from Hawaii down to Tarawa.
This has been a big, big transition time, and I believe that this conference can play a big part for all of us in taking us forward to the next stage to whatever's next.
What's happening today is that the power that was encased, held to accountability, held to the rule of law, within the institution of the nation state has now migrated in very large measure onto the global stage.
As I sat dumbstruck in my doctor's office, I heard other words: "cancer," "stage," "grade."
Narrator : We're just sailing out of harbor now, and it's at this stage when one can have a bit of a wobble mentally.
Stage One is a group where people systematically sever relationships from functional tribes, and then pool together with people who think like they do.
As I mentioned at our previous meeting, the President is extremely pleased with the way your cabinet and the state department have come up with a mutual agreement on our policy concerning the African continent.
The state keeps asking questions, I can't really give any answers.
I'm gonna give secretary of state to a guy who wants to cut the top 1 0 floors off the U.N.?
State will need to consult with DoD to renegotiate Bahrain's out-of-date Defense Cooperation Agreement before another reconstruction can start.
State can't have diplomatic protection contracts with McQuaid Security right now.
And cameras rolled, and she said, "Professor Seligman, what is the state of psychology today?"
He had expected to find him in that state of self-deception which, he had heard, was frequent in consumptive cases and which had so struck him at the time of his brother's visit to him in the autumn.
Belarus has been described by former US secretary of state Condoleezza Rice as "the last remaining true dictatorship in the heart of Europe".
I'm thinking here, for example, of customs like ancestral worship, of a very distinctive notion of the state, likewise, a very distinctive notion of the family, social relationships like guanxi, Confucian values and so on.
Conscious of that smile, Koznyshev shook his head disapprovingly at his own state and taking out a cigar began to light it.
"I am the State!" said the king.
How many here favor the first policy: the state should recognize traditional marriage only?
And you put yourself into a state of panic where you don't know, and so you don't know.
Now these are things about general culture, but I'm also very much interested in political culture and whether liberty and democracy is appreciated, or whether there's an authoritarian political culture in which the state is supposed to impose things on the citizens.
The State's not alone. There are many, many actors.
It was an amazing story -- how everyone started feeling the ownership.
The story reminds me of an experience I had long ago.
We also all know that atoms are not the end of the story.
His story was too ridiculous for anyone to believe.
But it's to show you how complicated is the whole story of the production of chemical elements.
Her story can't be true. She often tells lies.
My TED wish: there's a vital story that needs to be told, and I wish for TED to help me gain access to it and then to help me come up with innovative and exciting ways to use news photography in the digital era.
The story was so complicated that I couldn't follow it.
And the fax said, there should be songs, there should be an "I want" song, there should be a happy village song, there should be a love story and there should be a villain.
Your story doesn't corroborate what I've heard before.
So we need to canvass every story on every building that had an eye line to this scene, including all the rooftops.
You'll buy the house, add a second story, and block her view.
Tory fell a full story before landing on a ledge,
I once watched him put the aerial dead bang on a fifth story window he couldn't even see, the smoke was so thick.
I also plummeted an entire story before grabbing hold.
If Allah wills, in the next few months I'll add a second story.
She files a complaint with city planning, preventing me from adding a second story to my house.
You can't blame us for taking in a boarder, especially one who can't get to the second story.
And then climb out the window, shimmy down one story, unspooling 600 feet of wire along the way.
Second story, white building with the sandbags on the roof.
Tom burns both wood and coal in his stove.
I told him I will throw some water on the stove to get some steam.
Sorry, how are sanitary napkins gonna fix my stove?
The stove goes right here, with a place for a wood box.
Look, I know it's not even remotely close to what you had before, but we do have our cupcake business and our purple stove, and we do have $922.
You're in luck. You can't buy a stove like this easily nowadays.
Now we'll be cooking for ourselves. We have a stove and refrigerator stocked With frozen food, beer, and soft drinks.
Fetch some clothes for Jean, light the stove and make some tea.
She's a strong woman, but she'd burn down the house to clean the stove.
Yeah, there's a wood burning stove in the corner, but it sucks.
Why have a six burner stove when you rarely use three?
I gotta tell you, Danny, this new stove,
Chairs, sofa, bed, stove, refrigerator, shower bath, everything.
Electric stove, refrigerator, washing machine, everything.
I want to make pierogi for you, but my stove sucks.
I didn't expect an autoclave, but this is an oil stove.
If we can't use the stove, how are we supposed to eat?
Cold tea I'm afraid, love, till I get that stove working.
Well, I guess I'm one of those guys who don't believe you when you tell them the stove's hot.
I didn't even know there was a stove under there.
And immediately in conversation with the aide-de-camp Oblonsky felt relief and rest after the talk with Levin, who always demanded of him too great a mental and spiritual strain.
No, it must have been the strain of walking out here made him collapse.
Well, that will put a strain on a marriage of academics.
I know you're kidding, but, honestly, who needs the strain of the dinner date?
- It never used to feel like a strain.
Or perhaps now, with a little distance, you have a greater sense of the enormous strain you've been under for so long.
Either way, it puts a strain on a relationship.
That it's natural for Johnny to show mental strain.
In the first minute alone, we've captured neck strain, vasocongestion, the start of a very promising stomach-muscle spasm.
Your sis, she says that she is feeling the strain?
So that's why every year you can catch a slightly different strain of flu.
By August 30th, a genetic test was done, and we knew what strain of polio Shriram had.
This year's swine flu strain grew very poorly in early production: basically .6 doses per egg.
We need rapid diagnostics so that we can tell if somebody has a strain of flu which we have only identified very recently.
The system is reliable but the problem is you never know how well a strain is going to grow.
You could see an avian strain that would infect the poultry flocks, and then we would have no eggs for our vaccines.
Rubin used cross-pollination to develop a strain of marijuana that is not only remarkably potent... but completely undetectable by any drug tests.
Yeah, but we've never tested this strain on a cipro-ready subject.
Or else some new strain that someone's been rearing.
I told him with... my reputation, we could offer his strain to the world.
After the suit was arbitrated in Welton's favor,
Nobody brought charges, and the civil suit was dismissed.
But don't forget, there's still going to be a civil suit.
There's a girl who's threatening a paternity suit unless I pay her a couple hundred thousand dollars to keep her quiet.
- So, Mike... we'll book the room and if they refuse we'll rattle our sabers and file suit.
This doesn't change anything- - I'm not dropping the suit.
Mr. Corte says he'll rehire you if you drop the suit and get a haircut.
Unless we stop planes taking off over their houses by midnight, he's starting a damage suit first thing in the morning for $10 million.
My father was just let go from his job and he's determined to bring suit for wrongful termination.
I STILL HAVE NO IDEA WHY HE DROPPED THE SUIT.
We expect, and others expect, that perhaps the FAA, the CAA might say, "You need to put someone in a suit that's not inflated, that's connected to the aircraft."
I wanted to buy a suit, but it was too expensive.
And I spoke to other experts, and they said the pinstriped suit -- classic psychopath.
"I'm in an Armani store buying a suit, of course," Dima replied.
Wingsuit flying is a suit, that I can make fly, just only with my body.
I thought you were going to wear your new suit.
Trying to find a space suit to do this has led me to an area of technology that I never really expected when I set about doing this.
As he looked through the store window, Dima's eyes widened as they fell upon a gorgeous black suit, and then widened even more when he noticed the 3,000,000.99 BYR price tag.
That's the prototype of the parachute. I've now had them custom make one, the only one of its kind in the world. And that's the only suit of its kind in the world.
His suit was gray and his tie was yellow.
Grade school where he won't be allowed to play tag because it encourages victimization.
We're not here to play the game, "tag" Мels.
Not tic-tac-toe, not hide and seek, nor tag. No race and catch, no truth or dare not those games...
I know my lines.I have other things to do than playing tag all day long.
And when she starts to run, like we're playing tag and I'm it, all I can think is...
So this tag actually works out the locations of shark depending on the timing and the setting of the sun, plus water temperature and depth.
A satellite tag only works when the air is clear of the water and can send a signal to the satellite.
Serco has Ellis Bevan and his tag in that hostel all night.
Yeah, I was never gonna go play laser tag.
I thought we were playin' laser tag tomorrow night.
- It's a matter of getting a tag on each line and each division.
Kid from barrio solos was found shot dead this morning crossing out a KBD tag.
From Lascaux to the Louvre to Carnegie Hall, human beings have a permanent innate taste for virtuoso displays in the arts.
Levin would have been glad to get a taste for it but could not understand what the point was, and, stepping aside from the group, he told Oblonsky of his perplexity as to why the Marshal of the Province should be asked to stand again.
Humans have five senses: sight, hearing, touch, taste and smell.
It's where our senses are located, our special senses -- our vision, our speech, our hearing, our smell, our taste.
"You have expensive taste!" the shopkeeper exclaimed. "Are you sure you don't want to look through our cheaper variants first?"
So it's the fat that drips down and flares up that causes the characteristic taste.
'Well, Kostya! You too seem to have got a taste for it?' he said, turning to Levin and taking him by the arm.
Whatever work you're trying to do now to benefit the world, sink into that, get a full taste of that.
But getting the wind knocked out of you is the only way to remind your lungs how much they like the taste of air.
Similarly, there's the work of people like Marti Guixe that tries to involve you in a way that is really about making everything pass through your mouth so that you learn from your mistakes or from your taste, orally.
Seems you have a taste for that, anyway ... murdered Mike Peterson in front of his own son.
I worry she has a taste for the low life...
I think a taste for intrigue is an acquired thing, don't you?
It takes a certain taste for self-immolation to keep at it for so long.
Got a taste for the theatrical, like you.
The most civilized thing about you is your taste for good cigars.
The gentleman from the Soviet embassy who had the poor taste to get his brains blown out has earned me and the Director a joint inquiry of the House and Senate intelligence committees.
Given what a little fuckin' thug you were, I'm amazed you're not in prison sucking' dick, because, let's be honest, you developed a taste for it.
O.G. with a single blow from the hammer directly to the temple.
That's good-- temple, socket, base of skull if their back's to you.
Then I threw it at Robert Kwame, hit him right in the temple. He went down like a Christmas tree in January.
Does Lily's boss carry around a weirdly flexible cane that could smash a temple?
Yeah, just fyi, if you're ever gonna shoot yourself, don't hold the gun up to your temple, ok?
Cause of death was a .38-caliber bullet through the left side of the temple, creating a large exit wound on the right side of the skull.
One closes one's eyes, spins the cylinder points the gun at one's temple and pulls the trigger.
Joe, Joe, you don't wanna shoot yourself through the temple, you know that.
Mr. Fisher died from a contact gunshot wound to the right temple.
A piece of shrapnel from a Mech missile went through his right temple.
In the jungles of Guatemala, in Tikal, stands a temple.
'Well, and how do you like our Temple of Idleness?' said the Prince, giving him his arm. 'Come, let's walk about a little.'
In Asian culture it's customary to take one's shoes off before entering a house or temple.
So, when you go to the temple, all you seek is an audience with God.
India gave refuge to the Jews, fleeing the destruction of the first temple by the Babylonians, and said thereafter by the Romans.
The man was asleep, but he heard the words bread, temple, God, and he woke up.
It is dedicated to the reconsecration of the temple of justice.
You will never return to my domain, because this temple lies within it
I'll go to the temple and bring back your daughter Professor, I promise
- Means you've to take care of your temple.
Remember losing your voice before a show once, in college... and Debbie forcing you to drink that re-mixed herbal tonic
My ill-fated briefs which is soiled with medicinal tonic...
The tonic we dosed him with may keep Danny alive a little longer, but we need to get ahead of this thing.
Sometimes I'd give the guy a special tonic straight from India.
Yeah, those things go together like gin and tonic.
18 amino acids packed into an antimicrobial, flavonoid-filled, honey-based tonic that will rid you of your symptoms and also cure warts, elevate your mood, and enhance performance.
- I stopped to get us some Cel-Rey tonic.
He gave me some very effective tonic, some kind of herbal thing.
My knee was the size of a grapefruit, ryan, And--and there was this tonic, and it is magical.
And I never had a problem with him at all, except in the work context, because you'd meet about half ten in the morning, and Graham would be putting tonic into whatever it was.
Our future ex-tape editor spilled a bottle of celery tonic all over the second reel of the show airing today.
Gussie Fink-Nottle's never pushed so much as a gin and tonic over the larynx.
Two gin and tonics, double the gin, hold the tonic.
We think it's an overdose of nerve tonic.
I might as well have a vodka tonic now that I'm here.
Get me pineapple daiquiri, squirt of tonic, four cherries, hold the pineapple, dash of soda, don't hold the pineapple, celery on the side in a straight glass with two and a half straws.
He phoned me asking about the ingredients of your tonic just to cover himself.
And help me figure out what is in this tonic that turned me young, I will fire you without hesitation or regret!
The tonic didn't last very long, did it?
I, whipped up a batch of K'rkzar's tonic for you.
It wasn't the trailer that should be heavier, it was me who should be weaker.
I have a trailer. I need to hitch it onto my car, but I can't do it alone.
I've got to knock up a trailer... to drag my bike over to Bonneville.
Did you put that chain on that boat trailer like I told you?
You will also need to drive smoothly because your trailer is full of valuables.
The trailer's rented by the hour and it's costing me money.
- Did you go and come back? He didn't take us to the Grand Canyon. He detached the trailer and stole my car!
You can put all this junk on a trailer?
Why don't I put you in the trailer?
We'll just throw theJet Skis on the trailer and head to the mountains. Wait, you guys...
He said one he would like to make a real trailer, functioning, and we would sell that one.
Today I hooked my trailer up to my car, filled it with rubbish and took a very full load to the local rubbish dump.
And most of what you see -- that's a trailer from "Women Are Heroes" -- its images, photography, taken one after the other.
That trailer led to another commission, to participate in whats called Tokyo Designers Block.
I'll tell you what, I'll make you a deal on that trailer.
- So, he's cleaning out his trailer, he's moving into a different county 48 hours after you interviewed him?
If we had a trailer no matter where we went, I could make a home for you.
I was putting the boat in the water and the trailer sank?
Hey, you going to get your butt in this trailer, traveling man?
Before we unpack, I'd better move the trailer to a better spot.
That two of the hottest cars in the United States is a 55,000-dollar giant car, big enough to hold a mini in its trunk.
Leave the money in the trunk of the white car and return to your car.
With "get out of my car and into my trunk.
- If you open that trunk, they go inside.
I watched that guy get stuffed in a trunk because I got it wrong.
Okay, how about Mike fixes your trunk, we call it even, nobody has to get hurt.
It calls for something a little more subtle than throwing her in the trunk.
"We'll stop, we'll pull over, you'll get in the trunk. It's all good."
Look in his trunk. He's got all kinds of stolen stuff in there.
-I'd put it in the trunk of my car, then drive as far away as I could and dump it into some river.
Trees are rooted in the ground in one place for many human generations, but if we shift our perspective from the trunk to the twigs, trees become very dynamic entities, moving and growing.
The unicorn ran at the tree with all his might and penetrated the trunk so deeply with his horn, that he couldn't pull it out and was thus stuck.
This particular extra trunk is a meter across at the base and extends upward for 150 feet.
We'll blow the air up, we'll give it a landing target, a tree trunk, just outside the plexi-glass enclosure, and see what it does.
The high-powered rifle in the trunk of his car matches the bullet that struck your wife.
That he would hit a tree trunk, And then get a flat tire, And then hurt his hand trying to fix it?
Yeah, speaking of honey, the ancient Persians did this thing where they would take a guy, put him in an old hollowed-out tree trunk and plant him in a swamp.
We are also looking for a trunk, if the lnspector doesn't mind me saying so.
Just pop a cap in his ass, throw him in the trunk and nobody gonna know nothing, y'know I mean?
Stevens must have ripped the elephant trunk off so he could look into...
Uh, a trunk is a place where you might put all sorts of things, things you might have, uh, taken, or borrowed from another person.
And now, I give you not only a trunk, but the elephant that comes with it.
When you drink water through your trunk, does it taste like boogers?
As in "elephant trunk." Do you know what I'm saying?
If my trunk was that small, I wouldn't draw attention to myself, pal.
You don't have to tell us the whole- he calls himself "trunk. "
He was chilling on the stoop, just peacing on the block, when onto his trunk landed a tiny crack rock.
Well, when I think "trunk, " in relation to a guy, not necessarily a bad thing.
His ears are big, but his trunk hasn't grown yet.
Yeah, and now you got Bloomfield and the union chair.
The union may be involved in the smuggling... but we're not getting a sense that it goes past that.
"It is amazing that any union could survive this heavily financed, lawyer-led attack."
The only difference between me and you... - is you picked the wrong union.
I didn't come to the union hall today on the back of no bread truck.
What ever I want I order it and the union pays for it.
It did no good union. And you sick.
I have resources, I'll go to the union.
You'll get your raises by the end of the week but the union dies here... today... and that's my final offer.
And once I've set up the union, I'll have no more worries.
It was a moving demonstration of what the words "united nations" are supposed to mean: a true union of nations joined together in a colossal effort for good.
This union gave them the vital energy they needed and guaranteed the survival of the species.
(mouthing) Such a union would, of course, be forbidden, but Sonya decided to give everything up for love.
But we want our union to be recognized by the law.
I shall now bestow... the special blessings of almighty Casear upon this happy union.
Christopher, see if he's paid up his union dues then pop a wheel cover to check the brakes.
Who will give ten ducats to the Crusade for Sister Angela's veil?
"Even the moon was dazed." "When I raised my veil."
Eagles hunt by sight and the thickening veil of snow forces them to give up.
Now we've found your prayer veil, you're going to have a lovely holiday, Sister.
I can't stand those things. It's like drinking coffee through a veil.
If you were expecting tears and a black veil I have to disappoint you. But if you have questions... Shoot.
She takes off... the fourth veil the fifth the sixth...
'Now the dawn begins... '..and the slow hand of fate is stretched to draw the veil 'and leave thee bare.
Lift the veil that separates our world from yours.
I want to wear a beautiful white veil crowned with pearls for his coronation.
Why don't you draw in the plentitude of my love and pull it all over your life like a veil?
They've got a long trailing veil for a tail, when she swims its goes like that... or the scalars they've got those double tails:
-"The dresses won't get picked up... veil gets lost, and I'm missing something blue."
There is this deliberate veil, this curtain, that's dropped between us and where our food is coming from.
You know, you got that one vein, in your neck, just working overtime, pumping away.
- When you banged your ankle, It cut the vein and started the bleeding.
The Romans believed that one should wear the wedding ring on the fourth finger of the left hand-- yes-- because a vein in that finger runs straight through to the heart.
But I do know Todd's vein wasn't bulging.
How do you know what a great saphenous vein is?
From the look of that vein in your forehead, whatever's on here's got to be...
Not... not cruel jokes, but you know there's a rich vein of humor to be mined with...
That'd take a year if the vein held out, which wouldn't be likely.
Look, Curt, there's a vein of it, here, in this rock.
A vein of silver as wide as the island, that's what it's all about!
He ascends, Richardson, to be dug at and sifted and shoveled till his crucial vein is exposed.
Pettengill was a 23-year-old vet who had planned to make the army a career, but then he got a severe back injury in Iraq, and that forced him to take a medical discharge.
I know. But we got a vet who desperately needs help, and the only thing stopping him from getting it is gonna be me locking up his girl and her merry band of thieves.
He's an old Navy vet who hangs around my store a lot.
You are one hot-headed police officer Afghan vet dev in training.
I told him the vet was gonna talk, and I'm done.
He was a world war II Vet who stormed the beaches of normandy, won the medal of honor, so you two could have. The freedom to mollycoddle your irresponsible kid.
Herman Koldyke, 68-year-old Vietnam vet with severe PTSD. He was stabbed during a robbery.
My father is a Vietnam vet, and the Bravermans- sir, now you are holding up the line.
It's not every day that a 20-year vet on track to becoming superintendent up and moves to a rock in the middle of the Pacific.
A Saudi prince comes here and gets the best heart surgeon we have, and a vet can't even get a CT scan.
The vet diagnosed this as transmissible venereal tumor, a sexually transmitted cancer that affects dogs.
- An excellent vet, first class, in his own line of country.
Yeah. Wish I could. But, see, I'm a vet.
Mam wanted an egg instead of her porridge, and the vet changed Billy's food and his bowels are playing up so everything took longer than usual.
We used to come a lot more often, but the vet's afraid he's going to have a heart attack.
Reckon we'll have another vet in the family soon?
The freakin' vet tells him, get this, "It's not a dog. It's a rat."
My guy's got a vet on Shaw Island, says the Othman family dog is in his office with an FBI agent's bullet in it.
You as a performer, me as a vet. That's a pretty sweet deal, right?
Ma, the vet said she was too sick to put her in a home.
