Because I'm gonna take this foot and I'm gonna whop you on that side of your face and there's not a goddamn thing you can do about it.
How is it when you showed up you were no bigger than a bollard with one foot in the grave, but now, either I drink a hell of a lot more than I think I do, or you sprouted?
Master Kai, this mule foot might be boiled too much.
What if I decided to lift my foot right now?
Could you please... step on the same foot at the same time?
So don't try to stick your foot in a bucket of water and hop across the line.
The foot of a lion, the tail of an ox, the wings of an eagle and the head of a man.
Robert, I think we're getting off on the wrong foot.
My foot was on the inside of the bag, he was out, but he kept coming.
Or some kind of foot that's been lodged up deep, deep, deep inside an ass.
-Well, here for sure where Mary's leg fell through.
Oh, no, i don't think I can dance with my leg like this.
Don't worry, with one leg a little shy, you're gonna take giant steps.
It was empty, the vets were on their way, but her leg was ripped open.
And I got my shirt up around her leg... saved her life.
With a felt boot on one leg and a sock on the other and started singing through his nose.
Oh, couple more like that and your leg is going to be two dimensional.
Once it was a hawk with a broken wing and another time it was a full-grown wildcat with a broken leg.
And Tanyuu-sama's leg will be healed, you can travel together.
By the time we get to Fort Smith, that leg will be swelled up tight as Dick's hatband.
A man's body dies, but his soul is immortal.
I'm standing here at Wind River, near the location where the body of Teresa Banks was found.
Brown bears have a massive head with a short nose, rounded inconspicuous ears, small eyes, short tail, and a heavily built body with a prominent shoulder hump.
Dr. Merrick, the body that just came in it's the client.
Vibrations arise when a body moves back and forth due to external and internal forces, Figure B.1.
As soon as you feel that you may have any new complications within your body you should come to see me.
Farming is the beating heart of rural Europe; but a body is made up of more than a heart alone.
just like the blood or the body or bone or the water or clay
He developed bitch tits because his testosterone was too high and his body upped the estrogen.
Do we have to get a news flash every time your body does something?
No, because he's your flesh and blood. If you can't trust your own blood then what the hell can you trust.
The ants on Titus... they were solid, man, like flesh.
If she becomes a Familiar, she's no one's flesh and blood.
Matilda's burned flesh was so sensitive to light, she could only go out at night always wearing a porcelain mask so no one could ever look upon her face.
This was done to achieve the maximum conservation of our life-support capabilities, basically food and air.
A green infrastructure will also help maintain healthy ecosystems so that they can continue to deliver valuable services to society such as clean air and fresh water.
Line of fire is the air between the target and the weapon through which the bullet travels very fast.
Although pesticides are useful and farmers, public authorities and many of us use them on a daily basis, if misused or overused, they contaminate air, water and soil, which pose threats to health and the environment.
Come on, man, is it the mountain air, just...?
Sound sources may therefore be of different natures (air, fluid or solid) and noise reduction actions will be different depending on the nature of the sound source.
They say that... when you're drowning, and you have no air left, you die instantly. It's a sweet death.
Making paper from recycled rather than virgin fiber creates 74% less air pollution.
But the air you breath, this alone, the thought you have...
Clean air, parks and pollution-free environments, high quality urban living, sustainable ideas for a fit city – the race for the prestigious position as 2012 and 2013 environmentally- friendly frontrunners has begun.
Left wondering about the weather, the temperature of a bath, the light at the end of a day.
Extreme weather – Storms, floods, droughts and heat waves.
Every morning at 5:30, no matter the weather, General Winslow, U.S. Army, Retired, would raise the flag.
The weather is warmest and driest in summer (roughly June to September) and coldest in winter (roughly December to March).
I know its just weather and crap like that, and it's, I don't know what, what the variables are, but we've gotta have some goddamn rain!
The weather is warmest and driest in summer (roughly June to September) and coldest in winter(roughly December to March).
With bad weather set to hamper tomorrow's search, the hope of finding the missing fishermen alive, has grown bleaker by the hour.
When spring comes to Europe (March to May), the weather gets warmer.
"The weather here is mild with scattered showers, "but nothing worrying.
When spring comes to Europe (March to May), the weather gets warmer. Snow and ice melt.
Joint Practical Guide of the European Parliament,the Council and the Commission for persons involved in the drafting of legislation within the Community institutions
This guide concerns all mobile people, that is people who move between member states of the European Union (EU) for work, study, retirement or even on a short holiday.
This guide was first published in the framework of the European Year of Workers' Mobility 2006, which was organised to raise awareness and understanding of the benefits of working abroad.
What happens if you work in one countrybut reside in another? This guide will provide you with answers to those andmany other questions.
What happens if you work in one countrybut reside in another? This guide will provide you with answers to those andmany other questions.
Practical guide Some common questions Lodging a complaint Competition authorities Information on competition policy
When drafting this Guide, the Commission widely consulted public authorities in the Member States and many other interested parties and stakeholders.
The guide is primarily intended to assist Member States in drawing up their national policies for the protection of thehealth and safety of workers.
Keller Zabel managing partner and head of one of the biggest investment firms on Wall Street,
By letter of 24 March 2004, received by the applicant only on 26 April 2004, the head of the Commission’s delegation in Guinea informed the applicant that a recovery order would shortly be issued.
Usually there are three interviewers, including the head of the company or a particular division and a personnel specialist.
I was head of security and I had no idea we had that much cash on hand.
It is unseemly for the spiritual leader of Tibet to spy on people.
I could bury him in the arbor where the ground is soft... but how will I get him out of here?
Put the pot in the sun, and keep the soil moist until the seeds sprout.
Who do ya think you're kidding He's the earth and heaven toya
The ground beneath our feet is spinning at 1, 000 miles an hour.
On the same field where Tibetans traditionally gathered for picnics... ground was cleared to build an airstrip... so that the plane carrying three Chinese generals could land.
I wanted her to understand how a land so peaceful... could be shattered by earthquakes and war.
Aorested land could be eligible for a forest-environment payment to ensure sustainable forest management.
Land is the only thing in the world worth working for... worth fighting for, worth dying for.
Behold this America, this new colossus, this fair land of the free!
There again, I own the land the Wayward Dog motel stands on.
Aorested land could help develop wildlife corridors between Natura sites.
Yet past the Summer Meadow and beyond the Autumn Wood, lies an icy land of secrets, a world misunderstood.
He's a man of his word, so you can count on him.
If there were no air, man could not live even ten minutes.
Man is the only agent who renders science immoral.
It fully recognises that man is an integral part of nature and the two work best in partnership with one another.
And a man who tells lies, like me, merely hides the truth.
Neither is poverty an obstacle, but a man may benefit his country whatever the obscurity of his condition (Thucydides, History of the Peloponnesian War, Book II, XXXV-XLVI, at XXXVII, in the translation by Benjamin Jowett (1881)).
Wrong number - dash - untrustworthy man. To sing - dash - to betray.
It fullyrecognises that man is an integral part of nature and thetwo work best in partnership with one another.
There was also a house agent called Knock, a strange man, and the center of much gossip.
Well, it's perfectly all right with me but I am a blunt man and I intend to speak very frankly to you.
You're the only person who ever calls me after 10:00 p.m.
Do you want to hear what that person said about you?
That person thinks that my cat lives on the tree.
The person you need to see is right down at the end.
A young person is not obliged to do something dangerous just because a manager or co-worker does it.
One major modificationintroduced in the 1983-1988 funding period removed the requirementthat a retrained person had to workin a job related to his training for atleast six months following theirtraining.
Look at Romans. "Let every person be subordinate to the higher authorities.
Drug addiction is a behaviour characterised by the individual exhibiting a loss of control over their consumption.
Sometimes I think she was a different person to everybody.
Unless the problem of excessive noise is addressed, a person’s hearing will deteriorate further, including difficultiesde-tecting lower-pitched sounds.
