And we'd actually take an atlas off the shelf, and we'd flip through until we found this mysterious country.
Here's a little map. And I thought of maps at the beginning; maybe I should just try and do a little atlas of my favorite streets and connections in Rome.
You're that mark. This morning, looking at the atlas, you looked just like him.
We did the same thing, long ago. We looked at an atlas, because we wanted to take a trip.
Perhaps the green satin does so suit Your Ladyship's comely complexion.
I dress in red satin, Father, not in armour.
Of white satin, don't you think? And ivory Prayer Book.
And another thing, please promise me never to wear black satin or pearls, or to be 36 years old.
Let me tell you something, mister-- the only part of a man's wardrobe that should have satin is the lining of his smoking jacket!
We got lace, satin, sateen, raffia, gingham, felt..
He gonna tell me, tell me, Radio Raheem, to turn down my box and shit, man, and didn't even say please.
But tonight, you will learn my favorite, the box step.
I will use your talents come baseball season my friend, or if we box.
And if you will stay another month complete, it will be in my power to take you as far as London myself, in the Barouche box!
Put it in the safe deposit box in the bank, and we'll get him to give us a cheque on Monday instead.
She opened the glove box and somehow made a small cut.
Two tickets for the boxing if you want them?
Boxing does not interest me.. since the 12 July 1921 to be exact.
Basketball, baseball, football, boxing, track, even golf and tennis.
Boxing is an unnatural act... cos everything in it is backwards.
Either those cops or boxing will kill him. I don't know why you bother.
But he wants to quit boxing, go back and hang out on the farm.
Boxing is more about taking the shots than dishing them out.
I was thinking if I could take my father to see some ballet or boxing, or what ever the hell you want to see.
I teach boxing and German in such a school, Napoli, in Allenstein.
At TEDxUSC, David Logan talks about the five kinds of tribes that humans naturally form -- in schools, workplaces, even the driver's license bureau. By understanding our shared tribal tendencies, we can help lead each other to become better individuals.
So, I met the man, walked in his office, and saw these posters and magazine covers of people he has coached.
I'm gonna go to your employment agency and see what they can do for me.
Then you need to take it to the municipal bureau in 15 Wojcika Street, room 312.
The FDJ was a gigantic travel organization including its own travel bureau, known as 'Intourist'.
From my own experience in the United Kingdom, as in Sweden and Holland maintaining standards at even two offices 200 km apart can be difficult.
I woulïve expected a desk or a table... or maybe just the wall.
Is there a big desk? "More requests for anthrax?
Is there anyone here who is that small and limber-who could scrunch up inside of a desk?
They found some hair samples in that rolltop desk at the museum.
Did he write letters to Thomas Jefferson on his roll top desk?
So let's finish the personnel reports, complete the monthly billing, and clean up the desk by the end of day.
But a man can steal billions behind his desk!
You still want a transfer to U.K. desk, right?
- She went there to kill Danny Chasen, the guy in the rolltop desk.
Do you have a student that could fit inside of a rolltop desk?
Serezha exclaimed in a piercing voice, as he often did, 'Ah! Mama!' and stopped, hesitating whether to go and bid her good-morning and leave the flowers, or to finish the crown he was making and take it to her.
He rode past his wife and he lay a crown of winter roses in Lyanna's lap.
Minnie, if you do not want me to wear the crown, I shall take it off.
If I walk in wearing a Hawaiian shirt and flower crown and the class roars, the class isn't to blame.
Perhaps you'd like to become a Doctor and get a laurel crown?
And what about the 39 lashes and the beatings and the crown of thorns ?
'I must put her wreath straight,' she replied, without listening.
The girl in the picture has a flower wreath on her head, and not a golden crown.
We got a wreath for the church, but I also wanted to bring a little something else I had done.
It says here, "The woman lays the wreath upon her intended".
Are you going to have that light wreath thing around you head or not?
Logic is a wreath of pretty flowers which smell bad.
I wear the laurel wreath, with the front bit bitten out...
Where did you get that wreath above the fireplace?
You'll get leave of course. If you should need anything... money for the journey or a wreath for the grave... please tell me.
"The laurel wreath is going to do wonders for you, Julius...
Probably the sight of those strained arms, those muscles he had felt that morning when doing gymnastics, and the gleaming eyes, low voice and trembling jaws, convinced Vasenka more than the words.
The sight of other persons, their words, his own recollections, gave him nothing but pain.
The sight of his brother and the proximity of death renewed in Levin's soul that feeling of horror at the inscrutability, nearness, and inevitability of death which had seized him on that autumn evening when his brother had arrived in the country.
But she was still the same, and the sight of her still affected him physically, exhilarating and stimulating him and filling him with joy.
"The snug comfort of the close carriage... "...the pleasure of setting out with companions... "...the sight of the stars glinting fitfully through the trees..."
I hunger for meat and pleasures, and the mere sight of you smites any remaining joy.
Swirling gases growing hotter and hotter... until it reaches a critical temperature... and transforms itself in to the most awesome sight in the universe.
The sight of Tracy affected me in a way I can't fully explain.
Did he live now, this sight would make him do a desperate turn yea, curse his better angel from his side, and fall to reprobation.
This picture was taken 300 feet deep, catching new species of fish.
The biologist classifies the newly found species in its own genus, whereas other taxonomists want to put it into an established genus.
We've only been around for the past 200,000 years as a species, yet we've reached a population of more than six and a half billion people.
That species of bird is said to be in danger of dying out.
So I can actually pick a species on a planet and then make them sentient.
Researchers have long known that the more intelligent the species, the larger the neocortex, the more likely it is to be deceptive.
We evolved as a species in the savanna lands of Africa, but then you see humans migrating into new environments, into desert lands, into jungles, into the ice age tundra of Siberia -- tough, tough environment -- into the Americas, into Australasia.
It's comparatively easy to comprehend how one species gave way to another. But perhaps more difficult to understand the evolutionary leap necessary to bridge the most sophisticated of the apes, with man.
It is well within our power to destroy our civilization and perhaps our species as well.
Well, it came from it a long time ago, before your species evolved on Earth.
And that is, on August 6th, 1945, a B-29 bomber called the Enola Gay flew over Japan and, using a Norden bombsight, dropped a very large thermonuclear device on the city of Hiroshima.
Let's go by bus to see more of the city.
Whereas the city of Toronto clearly doesn't want you involved with the planning process, otherwise their ads would look something like this -- with all the information basically laid out clearly.
I don't like the city that he lives in.
And then what they did was they created a city above the flyovers.
When I visited my hometown this summer, I found the city different from what it had been ten years ago.
A Taliban fighter shot during a battle as the Northern Alliance entered the city of Kunduz.
Tokyo is larger than any other city in Japan.
The town is ancient... the city is modern.
The city began to expand in earnest during the 1960s with the establishment of large panel multi-storey designs able to withstand earthquakes.
They produced an election forum booklet for the entire town to learn more about their candidates.
'I have tried everything,' he thought, 'the only thing left is to pay no attention,' and he began getting ready to drive to town, and to go again to his mother's to obtain her signature to a power of attorney.
Her father never let her go to town with her friends.
And you go into the town, and you inquire, "What's going on here?"
They had visited Venice, Rome, and Naples, and had only just reached a small Italian town where they meant to make a longer stay.
The town in which I was born is famous for its old castle.
One of the lines of encouragement that I heard over and over was, "The streets of Hollywood are littered with the carcasses of people like you, who think you're going to come to this town and make movies."
No, you are going in vain,' she mentally addressed a company of people in a calèche with four horses, who were evidently going out of town on a spree. 'And the dog you have with you won't help you!
No matter which road you follow, the drive to town won't take you more than twenty minutes.
And if a drive across town is worth 100 bucks, it's worth 100 bucks no matter what you're saving it on. People don't think that way.
At her side stood a fair-haired Swedish Count, whom Kitty knew by name.
Where is the Count?' she asked the two elegant footmen who had rushed out. 'Ah, there he is!' she went on, seeing Vronsky and Veslovsky coming out to meet her.
Count Chloride takes Edna and her father for a drive in the park.
I'm sorry, Count, it is most embarrassing, but the lady you brought with you... is spreading communistic propaganda in the powder room.
The count found us on the beach with nothing but the clothes on our backs.
So we have the programs and the sporting events and the commercials, and all of the link structures that tie them together make a content graph.
A semantic Web, Web 3.0, giant global graph -- we're kind of trying out what we want to call this thing.
But if you look at that graph that goes down and down and down, that's what we've done to this species through overfishing over many decades.
Consider... an N-dimensional hypercube and connect each pair of vertices to obtain a complete graph of two to the power N vertices.
The first scientists who spotted this were blown away. One graph from the tiny nucleus and the other from the vastness of space point to the same magical atom.
This other graph came from astronomers who studied the blazing light from stars and shows the abundances of the different types of atoms in the universe.
It's when you had a band like the Melvins doing Kiss covers.
What you need is a rock an roll band.
"Now mind you, they hadn't visited us as yet in Brigadoon..." but he knew that there was a band of them coming our way.
There were rumours that they were a band of rebels in the wastelands, but no one knows for sure.
We get some beer, we have a band... and we overcharge at the door.
He pulled that job to pay for the band's room-service tab from that Kiwanis gig in Coal City.
And I remember jonathan telling me in 1990... he said, "This band is going to be huge."
It does my heart good to know I have such a willing band of followers!
We're... We're just a band of men who simply love God, each according to his own capacity.
Then there's the Fastbacks, the Posies, and... the Young Fresh Fellows, which were probably... the first band to really make it out of Seattle... all by themselves, without moving out of town.
And, very happily, there's one class of people who really can't make use of this tool.
Oh, for god sakes, Edie, it's a stupid exercise class.
You mock the sphincter, but the sphincter is a class of muscle without which human beings couldn't survive.
Class 5506, will you come find me if I am lost?
Junior class, make pairs and follow me at once!
Mrs. Graham's class will be doing a project there this week and
♪ For a little while ♪ little while ah, Mrs. brewer's kindergarten class, circa 1973.
Class 5506, "Oorah, Hodge," on three!
Class 1581, raise your right hand and repeat after me.
Well, the class is taking a trip to France in three months in April.
Imagine if a team of surgeons could fly into the brain, as though it was a world, and see tissues as landscapes, and hear blood density levels as music.
So the code that Mike Montague and the team developed actually puts frequent stop codons, so it's a different alphabet but allows us to use the entire English alphabet with punctuation and numbers.
So I'm not here today only to tell you how my team at MIT has drawn out of nature a solution to one of the world's great problems.
Imagine if a team of physicists could stand inside of an atom and watch and hear electrons spin.
DATA: The away team is returning to the Enterprise, sir.
Within the Moscow International Post Office project it took eight months before the project team could identify the first signs of a substantial cultural change and the process really accelerated over the remaining period of the project, when mentalities had changed.
A Trill science team is coming to the station to conduct field tests on experimental techniques for creating artificial wormholes.
The project team developed proposals for layouts, working methods and equipment.
Mr Crusher, did your team remain in formation throughout the loop?
Particular events enhanced the public awareness, such as the taste test, the "grand opening" of the bakery, and, although it is not a good memory for the team, one of the German bakers' accident.
Wouldn't it be nice, I think, when the blue-haired lady in the doctor's waiting room bends over the magazine table and farts, just a little, and violently blushes.
On the stairs he met a couple: a lady running up swiftly in her high-heeled shoes, and the Assistant Public Prosecutor.
And here you can see this lady in action on your left-hand side -- just pierces, sucks the body fluids on the left-hand side of the pest mite.
He was told that, soon after he left, a lady came to see her and they went away together.
'This is becoming indecent!' whispered a lady, indicating by a glance Vronsky, Anna, and Anna's husband.
After Mr. Heifetz's concert a lady came over and complimented, "Oh, Mr. Heifetz, your violin sounded so great tonight."
Some sort of a lady turned up – the Queen of Sweden's swimming instructress – and displayed her art.'
This lady is the daughter of the mad, bad and dangerous-to-know Lord Byron, and her mother, being a bit worried that she might have inherited some of Lord Byron's madness and badness, thought, "I know the solution: Mathematics is the solution.
There had been a lady with a purple veil in the Summer Garden to-day whom he had watched with a sinking heart as she came toward him along the path.
Maybe the lady forgot to tell you her husband lives here.
So here: 10, jack, queen, king, ace.
9, 10, Jack, queen, king... a straight.
# to the city of camps # # we are your children # # # come and ride your horse # in the night # # in the night # # # come and ride your horse # there is a queen #
Not unless you have another queen, which I doubt.
There we were, the queen of diamonds and me looking like, I dunno, Gaucho Marx.
At that moment it seemed to him that the queen of spades smiled ironically
"Three, seven, ace!" "Three, seven, queen!"
No, what you need now is either a king and a deuce, except at night, of course, when you'd need a queen and a four.
You got a queen in your hand and one on the board, and you were hoping for one more to make it trips, right?
What did he mean, the queen of diamonds?
It's the last thing she did, the last physical act.
This is the last act on this Earth of a little girl called Heidi, five years old, before she died of cancer to the spine.
Truth number one about lying: Lying's a cooperative act.
If its purpose is more important than the act of doing it, it's probably not play.
Act Two, in which he pretends he doesn't care about her but he goes right for her.
Under the Documents and Pictures (Regulation of Export) Act 1945, licences are also issued by other bodies in Ireland on behalf of the Department: the National Library, National Museum, National Gallery and the Irish Museum of Modern Art.
It was usually that big progressive act was like it was Nixon, not Democrats, who had to do it with China.
It's like the act is over... and you get to the part she's been hiding.
And each one, each object, each place, each act... leaves a mark.
An inspired act of God should happen here and put a Texan in the White House!
Now, even if I persuaded you to do something, it's hard sometimes to actually get action as a result.
To put himself in thought and feeling into another being was a mental action foreign to Karenin.
In many languages, such as Portuguese, German, French, Spanish, and Italian, the verb ending changes according to who is doing the action. So the patterns of the verb have to be learned.
It's a narrative spread across a number of different disciplines, in which cooperation, collective action and complex interdependencies play a more important role.
Now, when I started looking into collective action, the considerable literature on it is based on what sociologists call "social dilemmas."
So, affordances are the qualities of an object that allow us to perform an action with it.
"The action begins in Toledo, in 1808, during the city's occupation by Napoleon's army.
Over the course of time this sediment turned to thousands of metres of sedimentary rock and the continued action of compaction and high temperature brought about the transformation to bitumen and then oil.
The action of this film is supposed to happen during the thirties.
In those cities that have adopted the model's principles, the officials have found that such schemes can be commissioned within a matter of months. Having seen the model in action considerably reduces lead time.
In environmental circles, we often hear that, rather than shifting to renewables, we are continuing with business as usual.
It was specially annoying to Levin to be quite unable to understand with whom he was contending, and whom the delay in his business could profit.
The only business of the head in the world is to bow a ceaseless obeisance to the heart.
So here's the thing: The current business model for language education is the student pays, and in particular, the student pays Rosetta Stone 500 dollars.
He seems to know his business perfectly and is very active.'
I don't think Tom knows how to run the business.
It's not your business what they do with them.
The other business, that of getting the money paid, also met with obstacles.
Business first, pleasure arterwards, as King Richard the Third said wen he stabbed t'other king in the Tower, afore he smothered the babbies.
I can assure you that in your grandmother's case he knows his business.
When I read the file, yes... but face to face I'm not so sure.
Do you know what kind of file I have on you?
There's nothing in the file to indicate he had anything to do with Ralph Duran.
Now... if you want to put a letter of reprimand in my file for that, then go ahead.
So when do I get the file on Davis and Marano?
Irene, I was just, um... I was gonna study your file and, uh, try to find a loophole.
Oh, I'm sorry, Brandt said you wanted to see the Casey file.
Even if you close the file, it's only a paper clearance.
I went to bed early reading the current file: "Impotent with unstable mentality".
Tamar, the file they gave me is a joke, there aren't two facts that fit.
And in 1921, the Montana Supreme Court ruled in a case involving Prickly Pear that the folks who were there first had the first, or "senior water rights."
I consider that the duty of going to the meetings, and considering a peasant's case about a horse, is as important as anything else I can do.
We made it all freely available on the Web, just to -- it was obviously our chance of helping out with the cause.
The chief of his staff and his secretary knew this and warned women who came with petitions that they should on no account give way to tears if they did not want to spoil their case.
They realized that this was a common cause that they had found with the conservation community.
What we've done as spammers is tried to hypnotize everyone into buying our idea, hypnotize everyone into donating to our cause, hypnotize everyone into voting for our candidate.
'I have come to tell you that I am going to Moscow tomorrow and shall not return to this house again, and that you will hear my decision through the lawyer whom I shall employ in the divorce suit.
Do you know, I was voted the most popular man in college when I told them I'd just gotten in a new case.
Once a case goes to court costs can be very high.
It's as neat a case for alienation of affection... as I've ever seen, and we slap it on tomorrow!
I can see the safe's internal mechanisms while I turn the dial.
I wind this dial, which contracts the strings that will turn these gears and urge the cart onwards.
and then I noticed there is this woman off to my right with a real long nose, green skin she was turning this dial and I realized she was turning the volume of lights up and down on the city in the distance.
See, all he has to do is wind the handle and slowly turn the dial.
I have observed that they are able to travel wherever they want to go simply by turning the dial on their belt.
Booth loved the feel of the Bakelite, the tick-tick-tick of the dial as it turned.
But we saw your travel dial and there was blood on it.
This is a bronze ball, an aluminum arm here, and then this wooden disk.
Imagine you would have a disk similar to the one I have here in my hand, three-inch diameter, with a single difference.
If you want to put a colored disk, well all these seven colors coalesce.
And the wooden disk was really thought about as something that you'd want to hold on to, and that would glide easily through your hands.
Let me see if I can load another disc and show you, quickly, an example.
So here's the specifications, just as if you were to make up a spec sheet for it: 170 quadrillion transistors, 55 trillion links, emails running at two megahertz itself, 31 kilohertz text messaging, 246 exabyte storage. That's a big disk.
He threw himself into the beam and distracted the MCP... just long enough for you to get your disc in.
One disc can hold up to 625 MB of information and it is easier to disseminate.
I'm sorry, but I hoped to find another disk with the proof against him.
But all he could see was a featureless disk.
Country girls They don't even know what a blackboard is!
And I say "Give me a break." I do know oil field technology backwards and forwards and the blackboard is dry.
And even though I'll never teach again professionally, I've realized that I don't need a blackboard or a classroom to set an example.
Pen and paper, chalk and blackboard were his tools.
And he was out there with his tape measure going through the trash heap, looking for header material, which is the board that goes over a door, thinking he'd impress his boss -- that's how we taught him to do it.
So, imagine I have a plank about two feet wide and 30 feet long and I'm going to walk on it, and you see I can walk on it without looking, I can go back and forth and I can jump up and down.
1 CHOPPING BOARD, 1 CLEAVER 60 BOXES OF MATCHES
That board with the nail in it may have defeated us... but the humans won't stop there.
You know, I guess I miss the waves and my board more than anything.
"Light as a feather, stiff as a board."
"Nothing's more beautiful than a chess board. "
He had a boogie board with the Union Jack on it.
You know, a big wooden board with "For Sale" written on it!
Maybe the swami is right." You start your new life.
He could find no answer, except life's usual answer to the most complex and insoluble questions.
My grandfather has never consulted a doctor in his life.
Certainly, when I was in college, I had certain expectations about my life -- that my husband and I would both work, and that we would equally raise the children.
'I cannot help remembering what is life itself to me!
Today no one can imagine a life without television.
Around the world today we're seeing an incredible transformation, from what I would call a biocidal species, one that -- whether we intentionally or unintentionally -- have designed our systems to kill life, a lot of the time.
Her best friend, her sister, was going away; and as it was, her life was not a bright one.
Can you imagine what life would be like without television?
The game, the life, it makes people do things that they wouldn't normally do.
Do you know what Tom does for a living?
How can you make a living from selling newspapers?
So by trying to preserve our dead bodies, we deny death, poison the living and further harm the environment.
But what about the rest of the coast of the world, where people live and make a living out of fishing?
And, like a tumor, fat grows when blood vessels grow.
In low-fat butter, or actually in many low-fat products, when you take the fat out, you actually take the taste and the texture out.
And it consists of seven chapters -- the chapters are skin, bones, meat, internal organs, blood, fat and miscellaneous.
So the question is: Can we shrink fat by cutting off its blood supply?
Well we know that tails store fat, for example.
Because what we do is we take fat from our butts and put it in our cheeks.
We've cut away the fat, yes. But we've left the muscle and bone.
The salt balance has to be just right, so the best fat for soap comes from humans.
Isn't it amazing how you can fit a whole town of humans... into a few card of board boxes, if you slice off the fat?
I know we shouldn't feed this, but grease brings raccoons.
I can't be looking at folk with all that grease flying around the kitchen.
Lunch Lady Doris, have you got any grease?
When Jermaine's on the TV, I gotta wipe the grease off the screen.
I'll take you to a place where the grease fills every nook and cranny in your mouth.
That guy is gonna clean up vomit and shit and put out grease fires.
Now, grab my bacon grease and slather me up some homeys.
Then you allow the baking soda to absorb the grease from the upholstery for 15 to 20 minutes.
Is that... yeah, it's grease, okay?
Pots, plates of meat and flesh and grease and juice, and baking, burnt, sticky hot skin, hot, it's so hot!
This purchase included mining and hunting rights, ownership of all land on the island, and a castle with no furniture included.
This is a Scottish castle where people are playing golf indoors, and the trick was to bang the golf ball off of suits of armor -- which you can't see there.
Boy, you've got some nerve showing up in my castle unannounced. But you haven't paid your taxes in a month, so I have no money for dinner this morning!
Here, this pretty castle and everything you inherited.
He'll take you home and bring you back to my castle, should your daughters prove too cowardly to ride him in your place.
After a ten year leave, he came back to his castle today.
Why should anyone offer so much for a castle full of secondhand spooks?
His possessions are forfeit to the crown. Seize his castle and his lands. Everything he owns.
I came home from work And there is this big padlock on the front door.
Yes, one of Benjamin's school friends had seen him buy a padlock, but it was just for some place where he played basketball and kept his things.
I've got a gold padlock and a zip on both sides.
We can start by getting him to take the padlock off the basement door.
I know what a padlock is, and, no,
You have two sets of keys and the padlock to the garage.
The padlock on the front door I said, is it big?
Each padlock put here by couples who thought they'd stay together forever.
But mind you, my dear colleague, it will be a solid padlock.
They say that if a couple closed a padlock, attached to this bridge, and then throw the key into the water, then they will not separate.
She has a cabinet, a minister of education, a minister for energy, a minister for health.
I want you to be the first prime minister of India to name your entire cabinet to make the head of every government department a Muslim.
It's the cave... Ford's cave... he's got a, a whole cabinet of it.
the one on the right leads to a cabinet, which the Countess never enters;
The doctor was just telling me he wants his mirror moved to his cabinet.
Sweet, can go down In cabinet and to fetch my ?
The filing cabinet's where I keep all my severed heads.
She went to his study to announce to him her decision.
On entering the hall of his house he glanced at the letters and papers which had been sent from the Ministry and ordered them to be brought into his study.
After arranging about the next day's work by seeing the peasants who had come on business, Levin went to his study and sat down to his work.
On entering the study Ryabinin looked round by force of habit as though to find the icon, but after finding it he did not cross himself.
'Yes, your Excellency! shall tea be served in the study?'
Visiting is all very well, but "there is no place like home,"-' he replied, and went into his study.
And, to escape from her fears, she hastily went to him in his study.
He went straight to his study to receive some petitioners and sign a few documents brought by his private secretary.
'Oh no!' she answered, rising and following him through the room to his study. 'And what are you reading now?' she asked.
Having finished his second cup of tea and cream and his bread and butter, he rose and went into his study.
He could have some kind of bony growth sticking into his spinal canal.
The French engineers who dug the canal Took 12 years over it.
He started the car and couldn't see through the windshield, and zoomed straight into the canal.
The other possibility, and this is more likely, is that the Little Book of Calm will move into the renal canal.
It'll take all the skill of our captain, The three pilots and a tugboat To get us through The four-mile canal in one hour.
In fact, they are starting to behave like the device that neurons use to compute, which is called an ion channel.
And in 2004, they developed a channel called Alhurra Iraq, which specifically deals with events occurring in Iraq and is broadcast to Iraq.
And "marble cake" is significant because it is the channel that this group called Anonymous organized.
And they converge into this channel here, which drains into this region.
Scotty, are you sure we have a clear channel to Spock?
Also, the manufacturer's influence on prices can be slight after the product enters the distribution channel.
And now The Top Hat Channel is proud to present Broadcast Nudes.
In each promotion channel, there ¡s a variety of tools to choose from:
The American biologist Roger Payne has calculated that there's a deep sound channel in the ocean at these frequencies through which two whales could communicate anywhere in the world.
Against this background and on the basis of the relevant eu guidelines, the eu will raise human rights issues with each Central Asian state through an appropriate channel for discussion, inter alia by entering into a structured, regular and results-oriented human rights dialogue.
The brain learns, because of this Hebbian, associative link, that the mere command to move the arm creates a sensation of a paralyzed arm.
If I choose a different way of moving -- on the right for example -- then I'll have a different command, different noise, playing through a noisy system, very complicated.
The command overrides used to disable the tractor beam were Commander Data's.
Maybe I could have before the lockdown, but the command's already been given.
Program command to disconnect came from Watchtower base at 1242 hours.
From five to zero, no command in the universe can prevent the computer from fulfilling its destruct order.
Just a tiny little command, nothing to threaten you.
In order for a connection to be shut off, the command has to be received at both ends.
Once we cross the Arctic Circle, any command you hear will be the real thing.
And in the 1970s and '80s, a team of scientists mapped all 7,000 connections between the neurons.
They're no competition; our team can beat them hands down.
So what Prestero and his team decided to do is to look around and see: what are the abundant resources in these developing world contexts?
The water polo team practices at 5:30 a.m.
And so what my team of researchers, what we wanted to do, is say, can we apply genetic and proteomic technology to go after DNA and proteins, and from this can we get better taxonomic resolution to really understand what's going on?
He brought me the news that our team had won.
So, a team of Berkeley researchers with 15 million dollars from the Gates Foundation is engineering, designing a radical new way to make the key ingredient, called artemisinin, and they're going to make that drug 10 times cheaper.
To his great joy, his team won the game.
Are you sure a rescue team will be here by tomorrow?
The team used examples of Danish and UK practice to extol the benefits and resistance was overcome through protracted negotiations with officials.
They get their fodder from the fields and their milk from the cows.
Nutrient-rich willow, lime and ash are all used as fodder crops.
Or I too will have to eat gruel or fodder meant for the cow
So if hair repels them and fodder attracts, confuse the beast, you've got him where you want him.
You may have been a good smuggler... but now you're Bantha fodder.
Continue to provoke me and the matter that contains your genius will finish up as so much animal fodder!
I can't throw away the blood, sweat, and tears of the people as fodder for the cows.
This sack of bantha fodder tried to buy me from that sleemo Calrissian and make me his servant.
Many a time when Levin had seen this valuable food wasted he had wanted to have it gathered up, but had found this impossible.
Tom says that he's never tried eating dog food.
I've heard that people can eat cat food without any harmful effects.
There was a dog food a while back called "Mr. Dog."
I'll take it back, but I need it to return all that cheap dog food.
"And food for my precious fish, of course..."
I gave him a can of that dog food from your fancy gourmet place the other day.
There are humans who gratuitously hunt and slaughter whales and market the products for dog food or lipstick.
Djura my child, bring me that sprit from behind the door to mix the food.
We could get a fortune for this one if we sold it to the Japs for hamburger meat and dog food.
You give me a drawing, you give me a prop to replicate, you give me a crane, scaffolding, parts from "Star Wars" -- especially parts from "Star Wars" -- I can do this stuff all day long.
A couple of things to keep in mind when you see it, it was built entirely by hand, I think they got a crane the last year.
We've got a crane, but it's gonna take 45 minutes to an hour...
- If we had a crane, we could lift it.
Townsend, move the crane, or the plane'll hit it.
Is there any truth behind rumors that the burglars used a crane to remove the safe from HQ?
As a game. You did. Fits right in with the toy crane and the water in the miniature fountain.
Do you want it bad enough to rent me a crane?
And only 12 sites in the city... are currently using that crane.
Christ, he goes down, it'll take three mules and a crane to pick him up again.
And so, really, so much of what we do in medicine and life in general is focused on mopping up the floor without also turning off the faucet.
There's always that little tiny table there, tiny computer, little cramped seats, tiny food, tiny utensils, tiny liquor bottles, tiny bathroom, tiny sink, tiny mirror, tiny faucet.
This is for the times I call you to fix the faucet and you show up months late.
I told you to tell the officer that the tap hasn't been repaired.
it slipped furtively into the dripping tap on the landing, it echoed in sympathy with the chimes of each quarter-hour from the bell of Saint-Roch.
In our Dilizhan even the tap water - second place in the world.
I am not sure if I've forgotten to turn off the tap or if the house's been getting more and more sentimental.
I can turn it on and off like a faucet.
The measured succession of car noises, braking, stopping, accelerating, imparts a rhythm to time almost as surely as the tirelessly dripping tap or the bells of Sainte-Roch.
At home to heat water. And this is just odvrneš tap.
Cam, he was every bit the failure you are.
This is projected. Its failure will be your demise. ... and the end of Germany, Borman.
From an extraterrestrial perspective, our global civilization is clearly on the edge of failure in the most important task it faces:
His face was lined and haunted, as if he were staring at death, or worse, the failure of his life.
Friends, sex, love, marriage, divorce, ruin, okay?
I cannot lend my voice to hasten our ruin.
Financial ruin will be the least of our worries if it succeeds.
His ruin will be swift and merciless, thanks to Lucy, who will serve him a lawsuit by the end of today.
You were facing financial ruin - everything you'd worked for.
Your beauty without that, alas, would prove but my destruction. An unlucky star prognosticating ruin and despair.
Germany will isolate us, bonds will fluctuate and you'd be the ruin of this country.
And you can imagine sleeping on Fernandina your first night there and you hear this lonesome, plaintful call.
This call was familiar to her, it hovered above our heads, and the sand couldn't muffle it.
That's a loon call, in case you thought I was baying at the moon.
She said that if what I believed to be the destiny of the United Nations is to be fulfilled, then we could not afford to wait around and then react to a member nation's call for help.
Sir, I'm trying to perfect the inca tern's unusual cat-like call.
August of '86, my partner and I were returning to the squad when a call came out over the air.
Did you hear anything like a-a thump or call for help?
The king is having a secret meeting where I'm to serve snacks and a light refreshment as soon as the croaks of the frogs usher in the raven's last call.
Her father was dead and for 3 days, in the far east, she had followed the bird, for she knew its call.
Well, when they start blasting the lepidoptera call down here, it's going to echo like mad off these walls.
A cry so pure, practiced, detached, it had no need of a voice, or could no longer bear one.
It was a bold, insolent voice that had no consideration for anything, it was the cry of the new human being who had so incomprehensibly appeared from some unknown realm.
Solitary cry piercing my flesh, Offering it to ennui,
BUT WHEN I COME BACK NEAR AN HOUR LATER... I REMEMBERED THE CRY... AND I COULD NOT HELP
I went covered trepidation Waiting for a cry will go out of my chest.
No cry of "There she blows!" was to entice us... from his single purpose.
I said, "Give me a cry, Rintinzi, give me a shout, a whimper, a scream."
The cry of a man in mortal agony, a soul in hell.
Possibly due to the experienced hunger, Among the crowd rushing their buried memories. waiting out his chest cry of,
The cry is still, "They come!"
The cuisine is not great, but they have the best wine list in Beijing.
And the cuisine isn't fit for a stray cat- kippers and cabbage rolls.
I'm not certain the cuisine was ever as good as its reputation in part because the people who consumed, evaluated and admired it likely weren't sober enough at the time of ingestion
Seems he's not a fan of Szechwan cuisine, and somebody should have known that.
By the way, whenever you hear "cuisine" in place of "food", be prepared to pay an extra eighty per cent!
Do you think piling something up makes it "cuisine"?
An Egyptian restaurant. I mean, I don't even really know what Egyptian cuisine entails.
Cuisine and language may well be so entwined, because traditionally recipes were passed on by word of mouth...
I think cuisine is like a window into history.
But Western cuisine is pretentious to start out with... To start out with? That's what's wrong with it.
Okay, it's a small kitchen. It's about five square meters.
Here's our living room, the baby bedroom, kitchen, dining room and the rest of the house.
You know, you buy that Viking range, this is what your kitchen will look like.
The street she lived on was unpaved, her flat, two cramped rooms and a fetid kitchen where she stalked and caught me.
The whole thing is electric, the restaurant and the kitchen.
There was a large kitchen that I wished to simplify, and I succeeded.
I've got a furnished place... with a kitchen I hardly ever use.
The kitchen is closed, but if you were hungry I could find you something.
Here are the el tracks, the bedroom, living room, kitchen, bathroom, hall, stairs.
I liked your house, especially that big kitchen.
- There's a fire ladder on the east side here.
The ladder, as you can see, has now become... a meretricious vertical. But I forgive you for standing it there.
- "Him" is a her... and she's so high up in the ivory tower I'd need a ladder.
It's easy, Darkness a good ladder and a sharp diamond for the window-pane.
I don't know why you hauled yourself up that dreadful poo tube, Bough, when there's a perfectly good ladder right beside it.
Madam... you'll look at those drawings... and you'll explain to me... why a ladder is placed under your window... and why your revolting little dog is outside the bath-house... and why your walking-clothes casually decorate... the bushes of the yew-walk.
Maybe there's a... a trapdoor, a hatch, a ladder, something...
I wonder, have they a rope ladder on board?
I was just checking up there and, yes, as I thought, the ladder is completely useless.
Ah, this must be that ladder down to Pixy Cove.
I can't be certain if the staircase is an adaptation rather than a bug, but if it is an adaptation, then the implications are profound.
The staircase takes us from the experience of life as profane or ordinary upwards to the experience of life as sacred, or deeply interconnected.
And most importantly, if the staircase is real, it explains the persistent undercurrent of dissatisfaction in modern life.
And I have come to find that a more appropriate metaphor for aging is a staircase -- the upward ascension of the human spirit, bringing us into wisdom, wholeness and authenticity.
So here's the million-dollar question for social scientists like me: Is the staircase a feature of our evolutionary design?
Why don't you just take your precious, portable... stairway vehicle you're always trying to convince us is a car?
The stairs you came up are the only way you can get down.
Leading to the top... there is a staircase of over 1,000 steps... but there is an elevator included in the price of admission.
If you don't like it, Spike, hit the stairs and go.
I was thinking about that dame upstairs, and the way she had looked at me... and I wanted to see her again, close... without that silly staircase between us.
In a few hours, I will be calling checkmate in the last such game the humans and their kind will ever play.
Edward, as the child clings to your newborn mate,
Subject proceeds to old people's home for game of chess, ending with an 1 1 -move checkmate win by subject.
At 1 0:45 he will undertake a game of chess with Number 82, the 1 5-minute game ending with an 1 1 -move checkmate win by Number Six.
Garin got a checkmate' he knows it' and he sent you to bargain?
Wow. "Ma'am?" Check and mate.
They've got us in check, Mr. Hayes, and... we can't let them get checkmate, can we?
Out of nowhere, a right by Albini hits Hollywood to the head and to the mat!
There is a way to make people forget the terrible things they saw today, and that's for you to go out and pulverize this kid and show him why your catchphrase is "welcome to the mat!"...
Do you just, like, pick someone up and throw them down on that mat?
So you get me a referee and a mat and make sure we weigh the same, and Fuller justice will be served.
That is a move that takes your opponent off his or her base, and drops them straight to the mat.
It's not about you getting knocked to the mat.
The sooner I'm back on the mat, the better.
I was thinking, "welcome to the mat."
But using Tess and Mum to get back over the mat - bit cheap.
Biodiversity, the living fabric of this planet, is not a gas.
The fabric that got caught here on the cast-- it looks like it's got some blood on it.
And if the fabric separating our universe is so thin that Mrs. Merchant can see through it...
Yet unlike rigid wire, this grid work is curved, like fabric around any object of mass. Which causes Mercury's orbit to change each cycle.
As soon as there's an expensive fabric on sale, she buys it all, so that in all Moscow, and not only in Moscow, in all Russia, only she had a dress like that.
Dark matter, because it gravitationally attracts, it tends to encourage the growth of structure, OK.
So by looking at things like clusters of galaxies, and how they -- their number density, how many there are as a function of time -- we can learn about how dark matter and dark energy compete against each other in structure forming.
And the stuff that is in the yellow color, that is the ordinary kind of matter that's turned into stars and galaxies.
But if there is matter in the environment, such as the Sun, it causes the fabric of space to warp, to curve.
And so even though the universe will last forever, and ordinary matter and radiation will dilute away, there will always be some radiation, some thermal fluctuations, even in empty space.
So, what people have thought is that perhaps there are supermassive black holes which matter is falling on to.
But because gravitationally attracting matter is embedded in this space, it tends to slow down the expansion of the space, OK.
About 15 billion years ago all the matter and energy that make up the observable universe were concentrated into a space smaller than the head of a pin.
If it is closed what is the hidden matter that's closing it?
No, unless directed by an outside agency, matter transmuted to energy will merely dissipate at random.
Subsequent revisions of the agreement were facilitated by the British and Irish governments, who never wavered in their determination to bring peace and stability to Northern Ireland.
He drove these thoughts from him, and tried to convince himself that he was not living for the present temporal life but for eternal life, and that his soul was full of peace and love.
I haven't read "War and Peace" either.
They stood for weeks -- first just 10, then 20, then 50, then hundreds of women -- wearing white, singing, dancing, saying they were out for peace.
Permanent peace is possible, says the reactionary Norman Bentwich, only if the principles of Christianity become the basis of public policy and social life.
And donors are supposed to bring peace by building schools and roads.
War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength.
And so this World Peace Game I'd like to tell you about.
Peace is not the absence of violence but the presence of justice.
Stanley Hoff will personally produce War and Peace by Tolstoy!
Whereas those cultures -- virtually the rest of the world, in fact, which have been in a far weaker position, vis-a-vis the West -- have been thereby forced to understand the West, because of the West's presence in those societies.
'There now! I envy you for having the entrance to that interesting scientific world,' he said, and having started talking he changed, as he usually did, into French, which he spoke more easily.
Our world changes as fast as never before. Every week we get further from the plain living of our ancestors.
And this, of course, tackles the biggest assumption of all, that business is business, and philanthropy is the vehicle of people who want to create change in the world.
It was the world in which his father and mother had lived and died.
I thought, "Wow, what a small world!"
Simply put, when the impulse is to change the world, the academy is more likely to engender a learned helplessness than to create a sense of empowerment.
That feminine world which since his marriage had received a new and unsuspected significance for him now rose so high in his estimation that his imagination could not grasp it.
It's interesting to think about what the world would be like if it were ruled by women.
Outside of this temple, the pulse of the world beats with hate.
The horse sank into the ground up to its pasterns and drew each foot out of the half-thawed earth with a smacking noise.
"Oh! That was my foot there!"
They were so large that a patch of hairs about this size -- the gecko's foot could support the weight of a small child, about 40 pounds, easily. Now, how do they do it?
in spite of yourself, your foot starts scuffing the sand, you let your eyes wander, you are continually crossing and uncrossing your fingers.
But what's so special about only having one foot?
If we shoot him, his foot will come off that clutch, and that truck will roll.
Oh, it's the right foot, but...
It's arguable, I suppose. Do you think Sebastian will need this elephant's foot again?
That woman is not to set foot in this house again!
How it's possible to put one foot in front of the other.
For example, here's a leg: the clear part is stiff, the white part is compliant, and you don't need any axles there or anything.
It was quite impossible to ride over the deeply-ploughed field; the earth bore only where there was still a little ice, in the thawed furrows the horse's legs sank in above its pasterns.
My leg got hurt, so I could not walk.
In my case, my left hand has a significant tremor and my left leg also.
His leg was in critical condition, but fortunately it got better.
It has an active tail that functions as a fifth leg, and it contributes to stability.
My left leg got caught up in the wheel well -- spun it around.
Because you know, the man is from Brooklyn; he's a big man. He says, "Aimee, so what if your leg falls off?
But I sat in the bag for two hours, and my hunch was gone, eye sight and leg straightened!
If it weren't for this wooden leg I would be walking by now.
And finally, the bow of the Titanic, without movie stars, photographed by Emory Kristof.
So now as the bow goes down, the stern rises up, slow at first, then faster and faster, until she's got her whole ass up in the air.
Even if the back stays hold at such an angle, and I wager they won't, the load on the sails will exceed capacity and she'll dig in hard at the bow.
So it should be like a ship's bow, you know, like full-on Leo and Kate, like all of those old, old pictures.
As the bow sinks it pulls the stern vertical and then finally detaches.
And I ended up with a plastic nose, porcelain teeth and all kinds of other things.
But there was also a nose, blinking eyes, and smacking lips.
If you don't keep quiet I'll punch you in the nose.
What’s nice about this idea, if you have a philosophical bent of mind, is that then it tells you that the nose, the ear and the eye are all vibrational senses.
If her nose were a little shorter, she would be quite pretty.
Women use perfume because a nose is easier to tempt than an eye.
Here's a classic example: Rebecca has a benign blood vessel tumor that's growing out through her skull, has obliterated her nose, and she's having difficulty seeing.
I wish I hadn't punched Tom in the nose.
Doc, what I'm trying to hang onto is worth a punch in the nose.
Someday you're gonna stick your nose and you're gonna get something in it.
The people who make shoes go to sleep, wake up in the morning, and all the shoes are magically made for them.
Monday morning, around 1:45 a.m., we found the body in an abandoned building on South Kimbark.
It took me until this morning to add two and two together, like two champagne glasses and the plastics deal and Sabrina.
After dinner, the two of you are going to check into the fanciest motel in town... and not check out until the next morning, if you get my drift.
I know this looks like the morning after, but...
I locked myself in the bathroom. Waited for the morning.
- If you want to stay up all night screwing around with some dude, I don't care, till you spend all morning complaining about it in my car.
Come in. I feel refreshed this morning. Even though I didn't sleep well.
Listen, can you pick Evie up from school today and have her till morning?
No windows in a casino, so the morning never comes.
That first blush of blue is where the night and day are trying to find harmony with each other.
And gaily and amusingly he told how after not sleeping all night he, in his sheep-skin coat, had rushed into Karenin's compartment.
You were served sukiyaki for dinner, then spent the night and had breakfast. Don't you think you were imposing?
And I asked him, and he said, "Oh, that thing? In the night, I die.
'Oh, what a night!' cried Veslovsky, gazing at the corner of the hut and the carts, visible in the faint after-glow through the now open barn-doors as in a frame. 'Just listen!
I remember the night when I first saw the Milky Way.
Today, you hear these infernal machines going night and day.
He took leave of him at the railway station on the seventh day, on returning from a bear-hunt, after which there had been demonstrations of Russian 'prowess' all night.
Hiding from the police, Dima spent the night in a dumpster.
So I swam through the night, and at dawn they got there and they started with prednisone shots.
CA: So you copied -- you exactly copied the design in the book.
My design, as it takes you down the rabbit hole, is fraught with many challenges and difficulties in the real world.
When the design emerged it was surprisingly simple and straightforward.
NOW, EVERYTHING HAS A PURPOSE AND A DESIGN.
The interest of Puma Punku is not so much that the individual stones sorted together perfectly, but the fact that the stones, as such, are of such tremendous design that it requires concepts of mathematics which are far beyond anything we
Are you saying the actual rig doesn't reflect the final design?
So... you're saying to me that my design failed?
The design does not work when I am knee-deep in dirt.
Your friend's departure... shows that death has a new design for all of you.
Mama, I finished my design for our float.
Here were all these seemingly disparate events and dialogues that just were chronologically telling the history of him, but underneath it was a constant, a guideline, a road map.
Because the road map to get rid of this disease involves many things.
Split a red cabbage in two, and you have a map of Bruges.
The new layout is detailed below, it is much simpler and a far more manageable process.
Before he died, he left a road map for revenge that led me to the people who destroyed our lives.
This new layout has resulted in between 20 and 30% increased productivity.
I know the layout for this base and I'm pretty sure I can put together an M-16 in 57 seconds.
This is a map of Mount Vernon drawn by George Washington himself.
I mean, the layout, defensive systems, how to access weapons... we just need to find a way to stop them without unduly harming the hosts.
If my memory serves me right, this is the layout.
Julian Treasure says our increasingly noisy world is gnawing away at our mental health -- even costing lives. He lays out an 8-step plan to soften this sonic assault and restore our relationship with sound.
'Look here!' he would say, 'just try this – go to so-and-so, and to so-and-so.' And the adviser would make an elaborate plan to circumvent the fatal difficulty which was at the root of all this trouble.
I made every effort to realize the plan but after all it turned out to be in vain.
I had a plan, and I never ever thought it would have anything to do with the banjo.
She drove to a toy shop, purchased a lot of toys, and devised a plan of action.
I proposed the plan to my classmates, some of whom were against it.
Are we going to make them automatically join the plan, or are they going to be left out?
And he began to develop his plan of emancipation, which might have prevented this dislocation.
I have a simple plan for getting Tom to agree.
I had my own plans for ending a certain situation... and it would've ended that way if you hadn't interfered.
A wise person knows how to improvise, as Luke did when he re-washed the floor.
A cleanly-dressed young woman with goloshes on her stockingless feet was washing the floor in the passage.
The floor was painted green, while the walls were yellow.
The demon lord finally lost conciousness and fell to the floor with a thud.
Milo's Mom: Oh, you've got gravy all over the floor.
"Zelda, the floor is under my feet!" "I know!"
Because if that circle weren't there, and the floor was very even, it would start to wander about in the space.
I would run into the living room, jump up on the couch, rip the cushions off, throw them on the floor, scream at the top of my lungs and run out because I was the Incredible Hulk.
Last time I offered you a drink, you threw it on the floor.
I stared at the phone until I could have smashed it on the floor.
Here are gender, age, weather, location.
So, their gender, their age, their geographic location and what the weather conditions were like when they wrote that sentence.
And when it finds one of those phrases, it grabs the sentence up to the period, and then automatically tries to deduce the age, gender and geographical location of the person that wrote that sentence.
Werner... what do you understand by "The Third Sex"?
Then some identification comments were added to the answers (gender, age, family size).
The men had their sex changed, but now they're lesbian.
Suppose you learn that this particular breed is independent-minded, and relates to its owner as a friend and an equal?
The Great Dane is a breed of domestic dog known for its giant size.
It's no longer bred and it's become extinct as a breed.
The guy told it wasn't a very docile breed when I bought it.
Do you know the breed is actually called the German shepherd dog?
He's a rare breed. He's a capuchin. He's not just a monkey.
Well, I know this breed is nocturnal and feeds on roots or possibly human effluvia. And it's a horned race... - So you know jack.
A new breed of celebrity villain, even got his own PR people.
There's a certain breed of dog called something like a "wastabein" or something, when it chases deer, it catches them by running behind them and biting off their genitalia from the rear.
They were known as "mountain men", a new breed.
The chalk itself's composed by plankton which has fallen down from the sea surface onto the sea floor, so that 90 percent of the sediment here is skeleton of living stuff, and then you have that millimeter-thick red layer, and then you have black rock.
And the black rock is the sediment on the sea bottom in the absence of plankton.
Would that make this an igneous or a sedimentary rock?
Molten rock and gas blasts out from the frigid surface, the gas expands, shattering lava into a giant fountain of fine particles.
Beyond these dunes, we are surrounded by Altai mountains, and they are mostly magnetic rock.
From here, excavated rock was dumped straight into the abyss.
They offer a glimpse of what our Earth was like at its birth- molten rock surging from the depths, solidifying, cracking, blistering or spreading in a thin crust, before falling dormant for a time.
The only trouble is... he's still alive and he crawls out far enough to be found, but it's the rock fall that kills him.
Okay, Neal, there's only one moon rock in town -- from Apollo 17.
Hard rock mining... is that in the creek?
I made a new friend who likes trains as much as I do, uh, I kissed Amy on the lips, and, uh, the conductor played his banjo for me.
This year, we're asking you as a group to endow two batons, mine and our new incoming conductor Mr. de Souza.
Then Aldini put one electrical conductor in the dead man's anus and the other at the top of his spine.
He apparently used nothing but gold to assemble his circuitry, believing it to be a better conductor of human emotion.
And with your Water power as a conductor, we should be able to see Andy again.
I think we can tap in using the northern lights as a plasma conductor into the ley line.
The conductor said as soon as he gets off work, he can come back to the bed and breakfast and play his banjo for us.
Did you know that glass is a very poor conductor of electricity?
- It was overbooked but the conductor used to be a sommelier at the old Versailles.
Salt water is a great conductor of electricity. 8th Grade Physics
Meg, I'm not a guide. I'm a rancher.
If you need a guide, he's your man.
So you needed a guide, someone with a gift for talking to souls.
But a smart guide wouldn't, or he'd be shown into Memnon's dungeon.
Their guide, a civilian contractor, disappeared in the ambush,
Fritz, the guide, offered them more money.
Our guide just up and left us without food or beer or anything.
We don't need a tracker, we need a fucking guide.
Greetings, I am Akira... your guide on the path to true karate.
They say that a mentor's a wise and trusted guide or friend.
And soon, they were close to finishing an app they had decided to call...
So, what if an app knew you better than you know yourself?
Does the app know you ate half a kilo of gnocchi in 30 seconds ?
I'm sure there's an app for that!
Maybe your translation app called it "language unknown" because it's a dead language, like ancient Greek or Manx.
You know, I thought an application Of image reconstruction Would do the trick, but
Wide Awake application's installed on the hard drive.
It's, uh, it's a ridesharing application that allows private car owners to rent out their cars to total strangers.
Good, because today, Cardiff Electric has entered the software application business, and in 60 days, I want a killer app ready to ship with the Giant.
So the real question is who has the app?
So that is the program, embarrassingly simple, but as we're going to see, extremely powerful.
Medicaid, a program originally created to provide medical care for poverty-level women and children, today spends almost a third of its budget on elderly people.
We also have a program already called Google Grants that now serves over 150 different charities around the world, and these are some of the charities that are on there.
The Apollo program greatly advanced our knowledge of space.
Even though sometimes watching television about seven to eight percent of the time is in flow, but that's when you choose a program you really want to watch and you get feedback from it.
Good morning, friends, this is the programme "Life is pain!".
But design a program of treatments specifically for you and help your body guide back to health -- guide your body back to health.
The program Li was working on, it's germ weaponry, banned by nearly every nation on earth.
I would like to know whether the TACIS programme could fund at least some of these bilateral actions and projects.
Well, I'll tell you, Mr. Curson, I don't see how a news program could help publicize yo-yos.
Two years ago, on this very stage, we premiered Virtual Choir 2, 2,052 singers from 58 different countries, this time performing a piece that I had written called "Sleep."
This piece here is read very differently depending on where you place it.
The piece of art you see on your left is painted by a western red cedar and that on your right by a Douglas fir, and what I learned was that different species have different signatures, like a Picasso versus a Monet.
And eventually I used this technique to create a piece of artwork.
TM: OK, now Dan will play his piece "My Eagle Song" for you.
I decided to write a piece for choir a couple of years later as a gift to this conductor who had changed my life.
And so I decided for Virtual Choir 2.0 that I would choose the same piece that Britlin was singing, "Sleep," which is another work that I wrote in the year 2000 -- poetry by my dear friend Charles Anthony Silvestri.
I have another piece that I'd like to play for you.
For me, as a musician who deals with 99 percent of new music, it's very easy for me to say, "Oh yes, I like that piece.
Single stroke rolls. So why can't I then do that whilst learning a piece of music?
Two lines are perpendicular if and only if the product of their slope is a negative one!
Nature isn't a product of God, nature is God.
If the product of two terms is zero, then common sense says at least one of the two terms has to be zero to start with
Quantitatively, the product of the two uncertainties is always greater than or equal to the unreduced Planck's constant, H, divided by what number?
So I want to show you one prescription product in the clinic called the No Park.
Moments later, I had a surgery date just weeks away, and a big fat prescription for Percocet.
I'll write you a prescription and send you home.
I'll give him a prescription, but talk to him.
Prescription by Jeff Cameron, M.D., wanted for murder.
"I can't give you a prescription" - he said.
And imitated the calligraphy of Yang to change the prescription, so as to poison Got to death?
We just saw the Doctor and he said we need a prescription from Almoni.
It's almost like that old recipe for chicken soup where you boil the chicken until the flavor is just gone.
To plan one's time properly is a recipe of a successful man, to plan it reasonably is that of a sage.
Instead, you can make a recipe for how to have a team that's prepared for the unexpected.
I'm essentially using a kombucha recipe, which is a symbiotic mix of bacteria, yeasts and other micro-organisms, which spin cellulose in a fermentation process.
And because people watch Mythbusters and CSI, I thought, well, let's put in a recipe for a ballistics gelatin.
And words and enthusiasm actually happen to be the recipe for lexicography. Isn't that great?
My company is willing to do what it takes to get that recipe.
Then I'll change the isle for the recipe.
I've the recipe of the balsam and with it you don't have to be afraid... of dying of any wound.
Oh, I'm just looking for a recipe I thought I saw, but it's just so torn up.
Derived from the Greek words for wing and finger, what is the genus...
At first I thought the swarm we witnessed was made of bees, but the distinct coloration and long antenna mark this as a Jack Spaniard, a genus of wasp exclusive to the Caribbean.
I spent many childhood years capturing them with nets, putting them in glass jars, sticking pins through them, mounting them on corrugated cardboard with Dymo labels underneath, identifying the genus and species.
And the reason the conditions have to be the same as the rainforest is because they grow a particular genus of fungus called termitomyces around those honeycombs.
What tribe of witches is so exalted that they will not bend the knee before me?
Tomorrow, you'll bow to the new Prince and your tribe will never recognize your son.
A little more than kin, and less than kind.
That tribe was taken captive by King Nebuchadrezzar of Babylon in 600 B.C...
O lord, holy father, almighty and eternal God, expel the devil and his kin from this person:
Go to the merchants who trade with Mongols. Ask them to find Temudgin's clan and give this bone to Borte.
Are we humans but a tribe destined to be swallowed and ruined by the Sea of Decay? That is what I wish to know.
And before you go blaming my family, no Szabo would ever commit murder and bring evil to the clan.
He took from the Cree the bravest warriors... and bound them together in a clan.
- Well, if the pope is lacking funds perhaps the tribe of Abraham could do it for him.
The place I am going to where even God's work is distorted, and the vast destiny cannot be avoided.
"Cursed fate that gave thee to the Moor!"
He shall spurn fate, scorn death, and bear he hopes 'bove wisdom, grace and fear.
Or is it just like fate, where there's no choice?
I wanted you, at least, to escape fate.
Life and death... space and time... fate and chance.
A punishment is a punishment and he who inflicts is has compassion at least in this that he removes from the impious the certainty and of remorse makes destiny.
No destiny, no fate, no karma, no spells, no curses.
The company will be hard and bloody, so I ask you, soldiers: Are you ready comrades to help the Germans And to die at once if your fate demands it if necessary?
But what kind of fate are you the victims of?
Same thing goes true for -- that's the beginning of the century -- for the whole of 20th-century popular music, whether it's rock or Latin music or whatever.
No-Doze, Stutten, Donlon, Rock, come with me.
We walked through the night and made it back to Castle Rock a little past 5:00 on Sunday morning, the day before Labor Day.
I don't wanna rock, only tango, please.
We want to clear away the toxic soil from this area and have an organic garden.
As soon as they had passed through the gate back into the garden, he glanced in the direction Anna had taken, and having assured himself that she could not hear or see them, he began.
Our bodies are our gardens, to which our wills are gardeners.
It's a chemistry experiment where I've made a crystal garden.
If you have a garden and a library, you have everything you need.
Afterwards, I found George on the terrace overlooking the kitchen garden.
'There she is!' she added, looking from the window at the beautiful Italian nurse who had taken the baby into the garden, and then immediately glancing round at Vronsky.
As soon as he felt his house shake, he rushed out into the garden.
And you realize that this -- being with these people -- is the flower garden that Chiho showed us.
The cattle-yard, the fruit and vegetable gardens, the meadows and the corn-fields, divided into several parts, should come under different sections.
If you think nursery, kindergarten, first years of school are just dedicated to take away the children, to make them used to staying long hours away from their family.
We thought this preschool here would be a problem, but it tumed out not to be, but this house here, and the big house on Vonarstræti, they have to sell...
It looks like a nursery school picnic out there.
There's this preschool on my block that I always avoid because it's... moms with their humvee strollers blocking everyone, like they're privileged because they procreated.
One, because I don't want to, two, because I have to get my son into preschool.
Don't you want to find out how we live? Come shopping, see the nursery school?
That's what we were discussing- who was taking his son to the nursery this morning.
But it ended as gently as a meteorite hitting a nursery school.
So the idea is you step into a kind of a magic light.
It is dreadful, but I love to see his face, and I love this fantastic light...
When you leave the room, please make sure you turn off the lights.
They're not brought to us with light, at least not directly.
A light fell on the snow-covered space in front of the house from the windows of the room of his old nurse Agatha Mikhaylovna, who now acted as his housekeeper.
Strange to say, all the lights in the house were on, though no one was at home.
It would be like a near-death experience where you see the light at the end of the tunnel, but it's a total death experience.
Now she has gone in, taken off her cloak and come forward into the light.
Don't forget to turn off the light before you go to sleep.
She becomes a starfish, a rainbow... a light, a laugh, a bunch of flowers.
In the whole world there was only one being able to unite in itself the universe and the meaning of life for him.
So you could go out to the world and do this thing in whatever company or whatever you want, and you have perfect harmony. It doesn't work.
Are we not all flung into the world only to hate each other, and therefore to torment ourselves and others?
As many people have told me over the years, anyone who's had more than one child knows that kids come into the world with certain temperaments and talents; it doesn't all come from the outside.
'I know the world better than you do,' she said. 'I know men like Steve and how they see these things.
But he very soon noticed that though the great world was open to him personally, it was closed to Anna.
'If the world does not approve of it, I don't care,' said Vronsky, 'but if my relatives wish to treat me as a relation, they must adopt a similar attitude toward my wife.'
'What was my reason given me for, if I am not to use it to avoid bringing unfortunate beings into the world?'
Give him fresh robes befitting one who journeys to the next world.
All brought into this world under the patronage of the Mothers' Aid institution which assists mothers.
As these two animals form a social bond, their distinctive whistles actually converge and become very similar.
This bond can only be broken by a crime, and that kind of crime brings its punishment.'
They've discovered a new bond, a new material for transparent solar cells.
The whole system of farming, and above all the position of the people, must be completely altered: instead of poverty – wealth and satisfaction for all; instead of hostility – concord and a bond of common interest.
The Greeks believed that weeping together created a bond between people.
The human mind can arise from neurobiology and a lot of accidents, the way the chemical bond arises from physics and certain accidents.
However, there is a close, permanently maintained bond between the body regulating parts of my brain and my own body.
But she awoke his conscience. Nothing would ever destroy the bond that united her with Livio.
Gone is the fear of losing that bond, that confinement, that falsehood. That entire story is now over.
We were like the survivors of a catastrophe so terrible... it formed a bond between us... shared by no one else in the world.
There isn't anybody in Washington lobbying to make it happen -- or in those municipalities, to build out their cities with these wireless networks -- because there's zero ongoing communications cost.
The price performance, bandwidth, capacity of communications measured many different ways; wired, wireless is growing exponentially.
If our talks are as productive... as our subspace communications, I'm sure we'll sign the treaty documents soon.
Until we reestablish communications we will hold this world for the Dominion.
All communications with the flagship appear to have been severed.
Notify global tracking stations, fix an open communications circuit.
With the communications breakdown, we've been very concerned.
Communications. Send a coded message for Starfleet Commander- priority one.
May I suggest that our next priority be to stabilize life support and to try and reestablish intership communications.
But there are people who retain that link to their ancestors that allows us to contextualize the DNA results.
The connection between all the forces of nature can be felt instinctively without all that...
And you would think that should have nothing to do with one another, but I hope by the end of these 18 minutes, you'll see a little bit of a relation.
Latterly his mother, having quarrelled with him about his connection with Anna and his departure from Moscow, had stopped his allowance.
A story is the relationship that you develop between who you are, or who you potentially are, and the infinite world, and that's our mythology.
Just now when he entered she was wondering why, for others, Betsy for instance (of whose secret relations with Tushkevich she knew), it was all easy, while for her it was so tormenting.
I keep this photograph close by to me -- it's in my office -- because I've always felt a mystical connection to these two men, both of whom I never knew.
'You'd better leave philosophy alone,' said he. 'The principal task of philosophy has always, in all ages, been to find the necessary connection existing between personal and general interests.
It's difficult keeping a relationship going, while one is here and the other there.
One of the essential characteristics of the INTRASTAT system is its link to the tax system, as can be seen from the following.
I think it was really interesting to juxtapose this humanity versus this massive distributed grid.
We've seen lots of excitement from these people, who can now start a construction business, parts manufacturing, organic CSA or just selling power back to the grid.
We have to start putting electricity on the grid in this very complex technology.
Mr. La Forge, can you implement your tachyon detection grid with 20 ships?
Under the command of John Sheridan the incoming forces disabled or destroyed their opposition then prevented further destruction by taking out the planetary defense grid whose lethal power was being turned toward Earth.
A world-wide control grid - designed to ensure the overlord's monopoly of power forever.
For the pulses to be strong enough to reach Deep Space 9 we'll have to boost power to the induction grid.
We have to penetrate the sensor grid and avoid the Dominion patrols.
Can the invasion be launched before the defensive grid is activated?
Activate defense grid, put all squadrons on standby.
So, the patients print it out, because hospitals usually block us because they believe we are a social network.
Disney, 10 or 15 years ago, right, the Disney -- the company that is probably best-known for family values out there, Disney bought the ABC network.
We didn't all know each other, but we all kind of trusted each other, and that basic feeling of trust permeated the whole network, and there was a real sense that we could depend on each other to do things.
This is the Pari-Mutual network, bringing you Hynkel's address to the children of the double-cross.
However, it is not an easy task, as we have found out when we installed a small computer network in the statistical office of Georgia.
Fold the net, put the fish in the icebox, close the kiosk and go to sleep.
I want a spell to ruin the net and destroy Aruan.
National network involving universities and other consortium members from one single partner country and the European Union
Your partner told me that you dropped the net three times.
The electricity distribution grid, a network or cables pylons and transformers enables the electricity to be transported around a region (Figure 17).
And my brother would like a double scotch on the rocks.
Oh, yeah, and clipped his cigars, poured his scotch.
I tell this guy about the ice, and then he pours me a Scotch rocks.
A gin and orange, a lemon squash and a scotch and water, please!
- Dry martini, Frank, and a large scotch.
A gin and orange, a lemon squash and a scotch and water, please.
I said all I had was scotch, that wine was an opiate for the proletariat and whisky was poison for the bourgeois.
A Scotch, neat and a pint of your finest bitter for my mate.
A gin and orange, a lemon squash and a scotch and water, please!
- Oh, yes, thank you. A scotch and plain water.
OK. So I'll say I used the tape to tie him up while I talked to him.
We also know that, uh, you bought the hose and the tape using Sara's credit card last week.
I need eight meters of plastic clothes line and some packing tape.
There's tape in there, cotton balls, Half of a nerf football, but it works, right?
Now, if I were to take the tape off your man Alexi's mouth, he's probably gonna beg for permission to pack up and go home.
Even sticky tape would do, but there's none on the plane.
{\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FFFF} (I left a roll of tape on the table {\cHFFFFFF}{\cH00FFFF} and it's gone.){\cHFFFF00} (Shut up.)
'Cause I remember the tape that was holding it together.
Well, if you have a certain cup size... then you have to double-bra, and if that doesn't help, tape.
Eric, you can't put tape on the outside of the poster!
I think this bishop is a wolf in sheep's clothing.
Castle, pawn, knight, bishop, rook...
I'm playing a combination of bishop and knight that he hasn't noticed yet.
A blockaded bishop is of little value, but I think you mean a pawn.
If you're a mammal, if you're a rat or an elephant, or a human, in between, it's the same story.
And so for animals that come to the surface to breathe, such as this elephant seal, it's an opportunity to send data back to shore and tell us where exactly it is in the ocean.
Everybody in the town will know that this elephant has drowned, so water will be there for seven months or nine months, or 12 months.
And for us, in many ways, this elephant has become a symbol of inspiration for us, a symbol of that hope as we go forward in our work.
This elephant, against overwhelming odds, simply gives up hope.
Now this elephant does something illegal that we did not teach it.
It is a pig. But it grows as big as an elephant.
And I suppose you and no elephant ain't up in no tree, either.
# The beasts that live can all forgive But an elephant never forgets #
I think he's very strong, the elephant, and I like him very much.
It's where our senses are located, our special senses -- our vision, our speech, our hearing, our smell, our taste.
Humans have five senses: sight, hearing, touch, taste and smell.
And this is a real underestimated, under-appreciated health hazard -- not just because it harms our hearing, which it obviously does, but it actually initiates the fight-or-flight response.
They'll be able to focus their hearing, they'll be able to increase the sensitivity, decrease the sensitivity, do a series of things that we can't do.
In fact, nothing even actually comes close to our ability to restore hearing.
Now, synesthesia is the experience of a stimulus in once sense organ in another sense organ as well, such as colored hearing.
You'll be surprised how quickly your hearing improves. Seat 11, confinement!
Hope exists if someone believes the earth is not a dream... but a living body... and that sight, touch and hearing do not lie.
-Nothing wrong with her hearing. -Excuse me, Doctor. What is she doing in here?
But about, oh, 15 months after I got to Cambridge, a rumor began to appear from Linus Pauling's son, who was in Cambridge, that his father was now working on DNA.
A rumor has spread, about you sending messengers to the king of the PLC and postponed the rebellion for a year!
In other news, officials at the Pacific Nuclear research facility... have denied the rumor that a case of missing plutonium... was in fact stolen from their vault two weeks ago.
But if the rumor is true, I can't forgive him.
Rumour or not, Ed, this could play hard with our foreign monetary agreements.
I would be risking my head of intelligence on nothing more than a rumour that the Rocha fort is the centre of Calvet's storage system.
Hey, and I'm sorry about spreading all those rumors... on Christmas about us sleeping together.
The rumor of my misfortune soon spread and... by 5:00, the whole town was there.
There was a rumour you'd been replaced by a replicant.
She's circulating a vicious rumour that I'm going to have a karaoke machine.
And Jeff's advice was, "Be a traveller, not a tourist.
When he told Kitty of Oblonsky's advice that they should go abroad, he was quite surprised at her opposition to it and to find that she had definite ideas of her own about their future life.
He gave me not just advice, but money as well.
This is the advice your doctor gives you: "just go home and have a glass of wine with your wife."
He showed kindness by giving me a piece of advice.
Benign advice -- now, profoundly mistaken. The whole world is engulfed in a revolution.
I not only gave him some advice, I also gave him a fellatio.
But I ask a lot of questions, and I would love your advice.
But if you want my advice... you just tell him you've been a bad boy, you ran away from home and you're sorry.
Annex 1 provides practical Information on how to prepare and submit a project application, and Annex 2 provides a series of contact points for advice and assistance.
After dinner he spent half an hour with his guests, and then, having again with a smile pressed his wife's hand, went away to the Council.
The Lvov city council once more draws attention to the false information regarding the intention to ban speaking Russian in Lvov.
We hate to intrude on you like this... but we're collecting signatures... for a petition urging the city council... to close down that dreadful place... if the ladies will forgive my language... the Belly Button.
All right, we'll go to the council, ask for weapons, nothing more.
And she said, "No, it's not like a dream. It's like a movie."
Something magical has happened to me: like a dream when one feels frightened and creepy, and suddenly wakes up to the knowledge that no such terrors exist.
If you want to hear a scary story, I'll tell you about a dream I had a few weeks ago.
When these were first described, it was thought that they could be interpreted like dreams.
And remembering her dream she went to the opposite door, trembling with fright.
You've got to help me! Every night I have the same horrible dream.
All that the human mind has accomplished is but the dream before the awakening."
He rang for his valet, dressed hurriedly, and went out into the porch, having quite forgotten his dream and feeling worried only by the fact that he was late.
Everything that is in this world is but a dream.
'Let me see what was it?' he thought, trying to recall his dream.
And so I decided for Virtual Choir 2.0 that I would choose the same piece that Britlin was singing, "Sleep," which is another work that I wrote in the year 2000 -- poetry by my dear friend Charles Anthony Silvestri.
'What chance of a sleep to-day?' said the old man blinking at the sun. 'It's too late!
Sleep is no less necessary to health than food.
And you may think that anesthetics work by sending you into some deep sleep, or by blocking your receptors so that you don't feel pain, but in fact most anesthetics don't work that way.
Through his sleep he heard laughter and Veslovsky's and Oblonsky's merry talk.
When I entered the plane and counted eight infants, I understandably felt worse, and my hope for sound sleep winced and hid in the corner of my subconsciousness.
Sleep is the greatest thief, for it steals half one's life.
I'm talking specifically about the fact that sleep and work are phased-based, or stage-based, events.
Sleep will do you more good than anything else.
I wouldn't want to go on living if it was just eating and sleeping and taking clothes off.
That girl can take her iPhone, put it on the robot, send an email to Grandma, who lives on the other side of the country.
Take those people and they read a very typical text written by a 20-year-old today.
Well, unfortunately, I've got so many Viagra ads coming at me, your email is lost.
So what he had to do was take a piece of paper, roll it into the carriage, type his email or command and pull the paper out.
And it's not like you could send them a text or shoot them an e-mail, so I was literally left to my own devices.
Or we say, favorite of the digiratti, "You know, I just fished that email out of my spam folder.
The text that Vlad got was from a disposable phone.
She went for coffee and I sent her a text. I pretended to be a young guy.
Someone I don't know sent me an e-mail and I opened it.
Margo never came back from lunch, but she left me a voice mail.
He told his doctor, who published a case report in a Canadian medical journal under the title, "Sexual Intercourse as a Potential Treatment for Intractable Hiccups."
I've just gotten reports of more patients on the way.
We've got a report of some turbulence ahead.
We got a report about some trouble on your line.
We just received a report that there may be a bomb on the plane.
We have reports of at least a dozen shots fired.
Oh, and I just got a report in from Miyagi Prison's warden.
Ultra clean cocaine, clean and real LSD, high grade MDMA, also known as "Molly"... all with fast and free shipping.
Castration is also done without painkillers or anesthetic, and will supposedly produce a more fatty grade of meat.
I haven't played musical chairs since the second grade.
Actually, the Indians use a different grade of aluminum. Yeah.
And I am willing to bet that you are the same strain that we found in Nina's system.
I just need to see your medical card, and I will set you up with the right strain for whatever ails you.
Rubin used cross-pollination to develop a strain of marijuana that is not only remarkably potent... but completely undetectable by any drug tests.
Walt, my friend at the AG school was able to I.D. Our marijuana strain.
Russia's Interfax News Agency is reporting that researchers at the country's Plant Institute in St. Petersburg have invented a strain of cannabis,one that is free of mind-altering properties.
Each strain has its own unique level of, uh, countless cannabinoids and terpenoids, which gives pot its medicinal value.
I told him with... my reputation, we could offer his strain to the world.
But let me guess, "rainy day" is a strain of weed?
In fact, this one strain is planted all over the world.
Suddenly the horses started, Levin knocked his head against the barrel of some one's gun, and there was a report.
Tenifer matte finish, polymer grip, 4.5-inch barrel, 22 oz and a 10-round magazine.
Varmint, stainless-steel fluted barrel, heavyweight caliber, 175-grain hollow point.
Rubber combat-style grips, fixed rear, ramp front sights, two-inch barrel.
Now make sure the barrel of the gun is pressed against his head or his chest.
Rotating barrel, thousand-round capacity. - Auto cooling, watertight. - Yeah!
- Well, if I learn once again that you hide a 100 rubble banknote in the barrel of your gun, you are in trouble.
And if I haven't pushed the barrel away, he would have blown my head apart!
The room is contained within a Cordolaine signal exciting the copper surface of the bullet and causing expansion within the barrel, rendering your guns useless.
And without the barrel being rifled, the bullets would have very little velocity.
We'll blow the air up, we'll give it a landing target, a tree trunk, just outside the plexi-glass enclosure, and see what it does.
The unicorn ran at the tree with all his might and penetrated the trunk so deeply with his horn, that he couldn't pull it out and was thus stuck.
Trees are rooted in the ground in one place for many human generations, but if we shift our perspective from the trunk to the twigs, trees become very dynamic entities, moving and growing.
This particular extra trunk is a meter across at the base and extends upward for 150 feet.
We are also looking for a trunk, if the lnspector doesn't mind me saying so.
I just saw like, seven hands and a trunk.
It was all fun and games till I whipped out the trunk.
If we do not dig deeper, its trunk sticking out.
Stevens must have ripped the elephant trunk off so he could look into...
It used to smell nice... and honey came out of the trunk.
She is no judge of it,' replied Oblonsky, growing more composed. 'She is crushed, literally crushed by your generosity.
The judge made no bones about his disgust with the accused's actions and handed down the severest sentence possible.
But the welfare workers and the ambulance people and the judge all said the same thing: "We hate to do it but we have to follow procedure."
He wanted to ask why, if public opinion is an infallible judge, is a Revolution and a Commune"' not as lawful as the movement in favour of the Slavs?
The judge took into consideration the fact that it was his first offense.
I don't require doctors and medical centres; I don't need the magistrate; I never apply to him and never will.
Do you think the judge will reverse his decision when he hears the new evidence?
The judge is the only person in this courtroom to be addressed as "Your Honor".
Good evening Phineas, and how is the honorable Judge Pyncheon this evening?
Come on, my boy, there's a judge in this precinct who just loves purse-snatchers.
I don't know what my job title is here, but it's starting to feel a lot like referee.
Uh, well, we would've if the umpire wasn't blind.
Come on referee; end it already that Estrellita's show is going to start!
In Miss Norris and Jack Adams's presence, another referee wants only to impress.
You know, how great Golden Leg plays as referee and leads a young soccer team to play against us.
And it looks like the umpire's gonna let them finish. Oh!
What is this? Nothing, it's from a soccer game against Afula, we won, but the referee was Jewish.
All the fans in the stadium like... the umpire walks out, it's Shiva...
Then you must have been ordering sake, because Takashi's knee broke the sand and the referee gave the match to Kar-pek.
The lawyer is like a football referee who is abused for applying the rules.
They said, "Separate your bank account -- spend your money; spend his money. That's it."
We still have, all the same, a nice bank account anyway.
Miss Wilson, see if Mrs. William Sutton has an account with us.
Not a word. But on the last call... she asked me to open a bank account for Hunter.
Hakkert's pig was just added to our account.
On settlement day you'll open an account for Mr Gekko... ..under the name Geneva Roth Holding Corp.
I'm just a man who's here to settle a score.
But what kind of a score, boys and girls?
So maybe if Clay does something selfless, it'll even the score.
We interrupt this important battle to bring you the news the score is twenty-three dead, seven wounded on either side.
But if I don't keep count, I don't know how many souls to pray for.
Bottom of the ninth, two outs, full count.
The boys are big now and so is the score to be settled.
Damn it. That was my best score ever.
I put your bowl on the floor, sweetie, in case you're sick again.
You are staring, almost fascinated now, at a pink plastic bowl which contains no fewer than six socks.
He then pours water into a basin and begins to wash his disciples' feet, wiping them with the towel he wrapped to his waist.
I think I know why that bowl was there.
"Reese - Why was there a washing-up bowl by the bed, David?"
Soak your feet in the basin instead of talking nonsense.
You are staring at a whitewood shelf, at the pink plastic bowl in which rots six socks are rotting.
Then one day when you and Ma were out, I got a big bowl of boiling water, whacked a big drop of Vick and then put the towel over my head.
the contours, the washbasin that is so tiny it resembles a piece of doll's-house furniture, the bowl, the window, the wallpaper of which you know every flower, these newspapers that you read and re-read, that you will read and re-read again;
A simple bowl at every juncture filled with dirt, vomit, Fecal matter.
And if you did see the Sanjay special, you saw these enormous screws that they screwed into my pelvis.
In women the pelvis is wider and lower, and all of its dimensions are larger than in men.
We're talking about a 12-year-old, Whose pelvis may not be developed enough to deliver a full-term baby.
If a car hit me, it wouldn't crack my pelvis.
All we need to do now is ...stuff the ...unskinned penis inside your... pelvis...
Why don't you just crack A bottle of champagne on Ana's pelvis and wish Danny a bon voyage?
The bullet traversed through the body, from left to right, nicking the L4 before hitting the pelvis.
That old prune slipped off the stripper's pole and shattered her pelvis.
Just for the record, her pelvis was broken before I got here.
Odds are the baby's already dropped into the pelvis.
The MC would improvise lyrics in the same way that the jazz players would improvise melodies.
I can sing this song without looking at the lyrics.
So I'm gonna to pin the lyrics on the fridge, I'm gonna look at them every day, and I'm gonna learn them off by heart.
Havel here wrote a song for us we'll begin with, he's given you the fliers with the lyrics we all know Havel
It's one of those effects, where if you look at the right lyrics and hear it back again,
"Run from Wade," although we could change the lyrics.
And the allusion to forcing a victim to pull over beside a field... why did you change those lyrics?
Well, this is an angry record, but you read the lyrics,
It's got a tremendous potency and the fact that the lyrics may not be as well crafted, the compensation of the beauty of the tune is enough to turn it back into something deeper.
That was almost as bad as when Andy recited the lyrics from "Uptown Girl" as his wedding vows.
Since I remember seeing all of this matrix text in class, and here I'm all like, 'I know kung fu.'" And we get a lot of feedback all along those lines.
In no way does the fact that a text was written by a native speaker guarantee that it is any good.
Video text: "From Conception to Birth" Oocyte Sperm Egg Inseminated 24 Hours: Baby's first division The fertilized ovum divides a few hours after fusion ...
You wrote a splendid text. There is no doubt that you have the heart of a poet and a great talent.
Or they mention cube roots or ask me to recite a long number or long text.
For some reason the message text was corrupted, so I restored it before reading.
Text: Jetman - Yves Rossy Grand Canyon Narrator: Many of the tests are conducted while Yves is strapped onto the wing, because Yves' body is an integral part of the aircraft.
The way Paul reads text is by using a device that scans each letter, then raises a series of pins in the shape of that letter, that he can feel.
More information about EU water policy and the full text of legislation and other documents is available at the Commission’s website.8
When the search resumed, Viewer hears again. The same text, but on the other arrangement of words.
Someone comes into the clinic, they have a fever, they feel bad. What do they have?
As you have a fever, you'd better stay home.
He has a low-grade fever, slight cough postural hypotension, and he's dehydrated.
I know, but I don't think she's gonna like them watching that little girl's fever go up.
His fever's up to 103.5, and his blood pressure is 80 over 40. How, um-
She was okay before, how come all of a sudden... Her immune system's weak right now, so she might get a fever or a nosebleed suddenly.
"'Fever and stomach ache, appendicitis? '
I'm weak from hunger, I got a fever, I got a hole in my shoe... lf you gave me a chance, we could be living like kings.
He's got some fever and his pulse is a little low.
Comrade Inspector, can you act a little bit faster, we're in a hurry, my baby is sick, he's got a fever, please let us through.
So, the temperature starts at 25 centigrade, and down it goes, down it goes.
If other conditions are equal, the temperature must be the most influential element in this experiment.
The tallest bar is the average temperature for the most number of growing seasons.
It doesn't matter what temperature it is, doesn't matter what's in its way; it will pretty much get where it needs to go.
In addition to a blocked nose, I'm also suffering from a high temperature.
Now light and temperature vary with each window's microclimate, so a window farm requires a farmer, and she must decide what kind of crops she is going to put in her window farm, and whether she is going to feed her food organically.
Let me know if your temperature, goes up.
The surface temperature goes down to 120 degrees below zero.
I told her to, in case your temperature went up.
But now we have these amazing, futuristic composites -- plastics that change shape, paints that conduct electricity, pigments that change color, fabrics that light up.
Why did you tear the cloth instead of cutting it with scissors?
This is the nature. It cannot be tainted intrinsically with hatred or jealousy because, then, if it was always there -- like a dye that would permeate the whole cloth -- then it would be found all the time, somewhere.
For instance, here they are laying down the balloon fabric behind, which is eventually going to be filled up with helium.
In two dimensions, if you make, like, a fabric out of them, they're 30 times stronger than Kevlar.
Astronomers and cosmologists and physicists think that there is something called dark matter in the universe, which makes up 23 percent of the universe, and something called dark energy, which permeates the fabric of space-time, that makes up another 73 percent.
We take it and wrap it in clean white cloth and then wrap it tight in canvas... and put it down in a pit of hot mesquite coals for 18 hours.
Against this background, with Government having little finance to fund any real stimulus to the economy, the whole social and economic fabric of the country has been massively rent apart with morale generally reaching a low ebb.
They brought back several artifacts to study including the cloth.
At the beginning of the project the company was manufacturing linen and cotton linen towelling fabric, upholstery, blouses and canvas.
Because it turns out that adipose tissue, fat, is highly angiogenesis dependent.
Therefore, when a tumor comes into skeletal muscle tissue, it can't get a blood supply, and can't grow.
And these stem cells then float in the bloodstream and hone in to damaged organs to release growth factors to repair the damaged tissue.
But it seems like by investigating, by attacking cancer, by searching where cancer is not, there has got to be something -- there's got to be something -- that's making this tissue resistant to tumors.
And although breast density generally declines with age, up to a third of women retain dense breast tissue for years after menopause.
The chemical analysis irrefutably confirmed it was horn tissue.
Could it be that the horn tissue you have dug out actually came from a cow's horn?
The first tissue to be attacked by the nanoprobes is the victim's blood.
White-light pinpoints pulse along the length of the headgear and are reread after absorption through their brain tissue.
The alarm spread...the jungle flared with fires lighted to drive off the natives black fear.
They've just put out a system alert for Gen. Hague.
Phase three alert in central security areaI Intruder believed to be in main block, dressed as milkman.
These are just Braxton Hicks contractions. More generally known as a false alarm.
The slightest increase in weight will trigger the alarm, and any one of these systems, if set off, will activate an automatic lockdown.
Contact Dulisian IV. Confirm the distress call. I feel it may be a false alarm.
But even with a game so simple, within just a couple days of starting to play, that fog of depression and anxiety went away. It just vanished. It felt like a miracle.
That's what fear and anxiety does; it causes you to be -- what's called depth-first processing -- to focus, not be distracted.
It was clear from his interrogation that anxiety is his strongest motivating emotion.
The anxiety itself made me act clumsily... ..as though I had lost control of my own faculties.
I think your anxiety might be influencing your judgment.
If somebody has mild daily anxiety, they're just trying to feel 25% better. Is it reasonable for them to try using a little plant extract, if you look at it that way, it's kind of hard to argue against.
But... the creeping anxiety that had taken hold of me... Would soon gradually melt away. And all that remained would be the feeling of akari's soft lips.
What proportion would you say come in with the common mental health disorders, anxiety and depression?
In fact they go 15 feet deep, and collect rain water from roof, there is a small pipe, and from their courtyard.
What if we do all this work, and the pipe is ten feet that way?
You see, each pipe up there gives the intermittent one-minute discharge of the basic ingredients into a rotating barrel inside here.
Somewhere on the other side of this wall is the main drainage pipe to the prison's old sewer system.
Below in the lake, there's a pipe that goes Sloane Square, under Russia, all the way to Japan!
This utility shaft here acts like a chimney, draws the thermal components into the engine room, which ignites the fuel vapor, causing a secondary explosion... of far greater magnitude.
That overflow pipe below the kitchen window has very recently been scratched and bent.
Some kind of pipe under the stage that went to another tank that he just swam through.
No, we have unit heat, and each heating pipe has a triple-wall jacket and all the outside walls are double insulated.
Actually, I was thinking there must be a better way in than that pipe.
And she's not one of us. Even if it is the horn, I'm afraid I might not be able to help.
All my gear, all my sounds, my big horn. Everything.
So if this thing in Pittsburgh is Joshua's trumpet then what went up, eventually came down.
What was it for, the 20 foot horn? Apart from pigeon nesting.
but I thought that Trumpet of Death looked like a penis, but, er, there it is.
And it appears someone's decided the horn would fit the bill.
Gabriel's trumpet... the Four Horsemen, the Last Judgement, the whole bit.
There's something else that's familiar about this and it's not Joshua's trumpet.
The trumpet has been blοwn, the battlement stοrmed, and the walls have cοme tumbling dοwn.
# When the trumpet of the Lord shall sound # And time shall be no more
But as a man, medieval as this may sound, as a man the most satisfying moment of my life was that punch.
He says, "We Caseys, we can take a punch."
You were quite good but that last punch was not good.
Me... of all the people in the lineup he asks me who threw the first punch.
Iceman has a look of determination in his eye... but like I said before, brother scumbags... he's lookin' for that big punch to end it all for Monroe,
- I think she got in a lucky punch.
Do you want to see the baby first or a punch in the face?
And they've all got Prez throwing the punch, no question.
Truck him with your best punch and then just walk the fuck away.
In the third place, he wasn't worth it, in the second place, it was a good punch, and in the first place, forget it.
But just last year, we had an incredible shock and realized that almost just isn't good enough with a virus like polio.
And it deploys legs -- it looks almost like "Star Wars" -- when it lands, it absorbs the shock and starts walking.
The second shock hurts just as much, and the third and the fourth and the fifth.
When they encounter shock from the outside that they don't just unravel and fall to pieces.
It can withstand a 400G shock. The robot has local intelligence: it can flip itself over, can get itself into communication range, can go upstairs by itself, et cetera.
According to our medical books, if his heart's strong enough to withstand the initial shock, he'll die of a kidney failure within a fortnight.
You could've gotten that bad shock when the first bounce happened. And that made you change in an energy level. It pushed you out of the loop just enough, so you can remember.
I know this is a shock for anyone. And even greater for someone with your youth and idealism, but...
I know this is a terrible shock for you, but you need to try and remain calm.
This is a terrible shock for you, but I expect you to behave like policemen.
And when a number of filaments come together in a knot, that makes a supercluster of galaxies.
This is a stronger knot. It will come untied less often.
There are people in the States right now tying themselves into knots, trying to figure out whether or not bloggers are journalists.
Then why are my legs one big fucking knot?
In this diagram, every node is a neuron, and every line is a connection.
They rigged a computer at McGuire's bank, to direct all of it's data to a local node it intercepted the transfer, sent a false confirmation that the wire transfer happened, and diverted the funds somewhere else.
They failed because you tried to implement a cortical node from a dead drone.
You know connecting through a DMA node would be a lot faster.
Chakotay, can you send a com signal directly to Seven's cortical node?
Yes, as I was cleaning the bones, I noticed a sesamoid... An ossified node?
No, I don't know it's quicker to use a DMA node or else I would have done just that.
Something that we need, like a power node... which he could then swap for something he needs.
According to the Doctor's simulations, any attempt to adapt the salvaged node will fail.
No way, I mean, they might find an exit node but they'll never figure out where it originated.
In all these examples, there's one ideal form, because these are thought in terms of structure.
The contents of the letter were just what he expected, but its form was unexpected and particularly unpleasant to him.
Democracy is the worst form of government, except all the others that have been tried.
Glamour is a form of falsification, but falsification to achieve a particular purpose.
And I fear that with the multiplication of these positions they become a mere form.
I won't stake my reputation on it, but I think it's a genuine alien life form.
The frilly crenulated forms that you see in corals, and kelps, and sponges and nudibranchs, is a form of geometry known as hyperbolic geometry.
Democracy is the worst form of government, except all the others that have been tried.
There is only one form of life that matters. Dalek life.
The Tempus programme is more than a form of cooperation.
So, I wanted to show 2.3 million prison uniforms, and in the actual print of this piece, each uniform is the size of a nickel on its edge.
My friend, new uniform, new boots, medals, and what about war credits?
It was only a few miles to the area occupied by their Prussian allies where this Officer's uniform and papers should allow him to travel without suspicion and to stay ahead of the news of his desertion.
You're still wearing the Coldstream Guards uniform, furthermore, you can have the phone now.
A uniform is simply nothing more than a garment.
But now they don"t care what uniform is covering your ass.
Tell me, is that crazy getup you're wearing... a standard issue Martian police uniform ?
Um, Mrs. Krabappel, I'd like to stay... but this uniform carries certain responsibilities.
My aunt said that spaceship guard was a good career for a young Vogon - you know, the uniform, the low-slung stun-ray holster, mindless tedium...
They paid good, had a nice uniform... with a feather on the hat.
If the blossom gets damaged, the trees don't produce apples.
"the flower of the intellectual high society of St. Petersburg", as Anna Pavlovna herself described it.
The tender blossoms of the cherry Fall and float to the ground To make room For the thronging fruit.
Well, if it isn't the flower of Mayville society.
'The days of man are but as grass, 'for he flourishes as a flower of the field as soon as the wind 'goeth over it, it is gone and the place thereof shall know it no more.
We call her Mai, it means cherry blossom.
If Japan doesn't fall, cherry blossoms fall.
In every way, splendid examples of homo sapiens, the very flower of humanity.
An orchid is this incredibly beautiful and sexy flower.
For all flesh is as grass, and all the glory of man as the flower of grass.
The anthropologist Donald Brown has tried to list them all, and they range from aesthetics, affection and age statuses all the way down to weaning, weapons, weather, attempts to control, the color white and a worldview.
Which color do you like more, blue or red?
And I guess one of the questions on everybody's mind is: How does that influence your study of choosing because that's an activity that for most people is associated with visual inputs like aesthetics and color and so on?
Christopher Columbus once found the Holy Grail but threw it out because he didn't like the color.
So, color enables us to see the similarities and differences between surfaces, according to the full spectrum of light that they reflect.
He thinks that blue is the most beautiful colour.
And all these colored lines here are results; each color is one survey.
Tom always dresses in black or some other dark color.
Bandits escaped in Buick sedan, color: Black, yellow wheels.
Consider Items such as the need for large surface area, re-orientation towards the sun, surface texture and colour, how energy is energy stored.
So each chain, or each element, wants to turn right or left.
So as you assemble the chain, you're basically programming it.
And the other is Moksha-Yug Access, which is integrating rural supply chain on the foundations of self-help group-based microfinance.
So we'll have to use our computers to try to unscramble the chain.
All the major rivers in south India are sourced in the Western Ghats, the chain of hills running along the west coast of India.
- But unfortunatly, I don't think this chain of death is going to stop.
Food life-cycle chain and related use of resources and environmental effects
Hey, Nick, how about taking the chain off?
We must break the chain of events that led up to it and going out of here might be just what we're not supposed to do.
I want an unbroken chain of love in this tent tonight.
Normally I'd cut the main power, but this baby's got a collapsing circuit.
The heat generated by the reaction is extracted through a heat exchange circuit which in turn raises the temperature of water to high pressure steam and is used to drive the turbines.
If the energy flowing through that arc were interrupted by a nonconductive material it is likely the circuit would be broken.
This whole place can't be wired to just one circuit.
Oh, I suspect that somehow the human circuit was flawed.
We could open a circuit... between the car and the chair.
Let's just collect this circuit, and I think I'd better see this one.
So, what we'll do we'll take this paper clip and we'll bend it so it'll short out the entire circuit.
- With reference to Records Officer Finney, was there, in his service record, a report of disciplinary action for failure to close a circuit?
The automatic helm-navigation circuit relays might be disrupted from Engineering Level 3.
In a lively talk from TEDxDU, neuropsychologist Kim Gorgens makes the case for better protecting our brains against the risk of concussion -- with a compelling pitch for putting helmets on kids.
It's the same pitch the mafia gives you in the neighborhood.
Stay ahead of the pitch. Have Toby page me.
And so when he made his pitch, you, wanting to rehabilitate your family name, cooperated.
It's a worthy pitch, but Rory bled out into her chest tonight.
Please, when you're ready, make your pitch.
He had the highest pitch in the chorus, he used to bring the house down.
You're one pitch meeting away from doing the news in 3-D.
And that's when you tried to make another pitch to get her on board your goddess train.
By giving kids a free school meal, it gets them into school, which is obviously education, the first step out of poverty, but it also gives them the micronutrients and the macronutrients they need to really develop both mentally and physically.
He blushed and hurriedly asked her to dance, but scarcely had he put his arm round her slim waist and taken one step when the music stopped.
That's one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind.
See for me, cultivating the Infinity Mushroom is more than just scientific experimentation or gardening or raising a pet, it's a step towards accepting the fact that someday I will die and decay.
Twenty years ago we should have been silent, but now we hear the voice of the Russian people, who are ready to arise as one man and to sacrifice themselves for their oppressed brethren. That is a great step and a sign of power!'
But now, when only one step was left to the goal, Orest suddenly lost his courage.
Well in the face of all these bad headlines, researchers have taken a step back and thought about how we can do elections differently.
So I was positive that, if somehow we can make things mimic life, let's go one step further.
Now, you take one step to save her and she's lost.
This is why the PHARE and TACIS programmes have been conceived, to support the first step towards a democratization of statistics.
But take a look at the face and the body language of everybody in this fuzzy picture, and you can get a sense that they're all at play.
Mathematicians are like French people: whatever you tell them they translate it into their own language and turn it into something totally different.
For example, translating a tiny, tiny fraction of the whole Web, Wikipedia, into one other language, Spanish.
For a language to be international, it does not suffice to say that it is so.
So what we've been working on for the last year and a half is a new website -- it's called Duolingo -- where the basic idea is people learn a new language for free while simultaneously translating the Web.
English is a language spoken all over the world.
It's really about trying to create a novel body language for a new creature.
Dr. Patterson communicated with a gorilla using sign language.
For it is the language used in the country we are traveling to
Mortify the language by avoiding lazy words, 'cause sinners have the power to break the chains which bind them to Satan.
So he says, "Well, I'll put my tongue on the dog's flesh.
'Darya Alexandrovna,' he said, now looking straight at Dolly's kind, excited face and feeling his tongue involuntarily loosened. 'I would give much for the possibility of doubting.
A woman's hair is long; her tongue is longer.
It can crumble so easily, but don't be afraid to stick your tongue out and taste it.
The coffee was so hot that I nearly burned my tongue.
And then the maggots will jump on my warmer tongue" -- the dog is kind of used up -- "and then I'll spit them one by one down on the thing."
The coffee was so hot that I nearly burned my tongue.
We had one person devoted to the tongue for about nine months.
He was raised in the States, but his mother tongue is Japanese.
As Howard loves to say, "The mind knows not what the tongue wants."
