Yes. And I think... the artifact is the antenna for that field.
Radio signals are sent to and from each customer from the satellite dishes, via a small omni-directional antenna and a local wireless network.
One antenna was already installed in Tore Supra, but a new concept was chosen for the second.
Well, I mean, quartz can act as an antenna for spirits, right?
Look for a wire running to the microwave antenna.
Women have a sort of antenna that men don't know about.
What I know is the radio antenna is located Midway down the fuselage, And just past that is a conduit relay for the wires
To our Pekanbe Rock 'n' Roll Studio with a kickin antenna right in the middle of Hokkaido farmland!
Looks like an antenna or a pylon or something.
Ask yourself why an antenna won't deploy on a deep-space probe.
The sensor is an actual fly antenna, over which the pheromones pass.
So when we stimulate the right antenna of the insect, insect thinks there there's an obstacle in front of it, and it tries to make a left turn.
And when we stimulate the left antenna, it tries to make a right turn.
gobies often share a home with shrimp whenever he ventures out of the burrow the shrimp keeps at least one antenna on the goby the goby get a unpackable burrow to live in without lifting a fin and the very near sited shrimp gets a bodyguard
Then the Andorian says, "That's not my antenna."
The right arm is extended with a clenched fist, and the Ieft is under the chest.
It is nor hand, nor foot, nor arm, nor face, nor any other part belonging to a man.
But as they say, it's the long arm of the law.
It took off its hand, and there was a sort of tube and the whole of the arm appeared to be hollow.
Can we trust a creature of the streets, with a police record as long as your arm?
No, as soon as your arm heals, you'll be busy again.
When I look down, it isnt my enemy at my feet... lt s... it s... my own right arm!
The lower humors have gained an ascendency... and flowed entirely into one arm, distending it and leaving it blue.
Is that the arm you cut off the ghost?
Said it might be an arm next or a leg.
Batman and Robin militant arm of the warm-blooded oppressors animal protectors of the status quo.
The African Union Army serves as an - enforcement arm for the New World Order's exploitation of Africa.
I'm sure I don't have to tell you, this is a standard issue side arm of the United States Armed Forces and, well, is my preferred weapon of choice, too, sir.
You're welcome to listen to our conversation, Sasha, but you'll have to give me your side arm.
Oh, I'm disassembling my side arm and then assembling it again.
I do not wish to raise my arm against His Majesty the Emperor but my duty bids me fight!
Larger, better protected perhaps, but nonetheless a bank!
That new bank in San Angelo is shipping a Iot of gold to Fort Worth.
I'm sorry Sir, but it's an out-of-state bank.
The bank will pay you and the girls 1,600 krona a month.
The bank wants to know when to expect last month's payment.
Well my bank always acted on behalf of our town.
Well, Mr. Mortimer, I want to assure you our bank here... has everything... all the safeguards you're looking for.
He's very useful, he's my own personal data bank.
Treasury authorities now believe the gang has escaped to Arizona... where today a bank was raided and two tellers killed... with the same cold-bloodedness that characterized....
And people appreciate not just the day-to-day business of banking but.. The way I've restored the bank.
The forces on the right bank are much smaller than those on the left.
Gare du Nord, Gare de I'Est and St. Lazare, will paralyze the right bank.
They say it's so vast you can't see the far bank.
I was thinking that we could find a lake or a river and sit on the bank and read.
What if I shine a beam of light at you on the bank from my boat?
Every year, the snow melt carves out a slightly new bank.
50 years on the river I love, and the damn thing has washed me up on the bank of a city I no longer recognize, inhabited by people I don't remember inviting here.
We're going to focus our attentions here on the opposite bank, where we assume the shot originated.
During Prohibition, that river bank was the drop-off for black market whiskey.
It cut off river traffic and brought the opposite bank under fire.
Their bark is up to four foot thick, but their seeds are one 3,000th of an ounce each.
Now, we will move on, as our flimsy bark of ignorance brings us to the great "terror incognito" that we call General Ignorance.
Original dirt floor, good bark, skipping stone hearth... as you can see.
The consultation: the bark of palm.. is considered a good remedy to make the tail come out.
- I thought the elm bark would help dry it out.
Willow bark to ease the pounding in your head.
His skin is like the bark on my pretty sycamore out front.
Fucking ferns and whatnot bursting all around us, bark flying off of trees.
It is called Strego-E a very rare bark from Eastern Europe.
Right, and it's the bark we want, isn't it?
It was a warning bark, like someone was approaching.
Probably, this is also what the judgment of people is based when they are describing the bark in terms of emotional content.
I guess my bite is worse than your bark.
"that all arctic explorers dread-- the pitiless bark of the sea lion."
Your bark will come when you need it most.
Listening to dogs bark and guessing what they're thinking?
He hears a dog bark and jumps violently back to reality. The girl gets up and covers herself with the towel while hollering at the dog:
Yeah, bark, bite... dogs don't scare me.
the honking of the car, the dog bark... there is something very friendly about it.
I've been listening to your dog bark for two days.
Because the education bill was a disaster, and I had to move the president off of it.
I figured one bill of any denomination weighs a gram.
The builders are refusing to move forward without bill payment.
Do you think that bill from the collection box was...
It was just a passport and this hundred-dollar bill torn in half.
Well, um, because of all the new security features, it proved to be a very difficult bill to produce.
A hundred dollar bill for anyone who will give me the truth behind this so-called miracle tree.
If you're looking to fake money on the cheap, - a real bill bound to a stack of filler will do.
Swabs from the gun and the five dollar bill, both confirmed to be Kenny Hexton's blood.
It's actually the text USA100 imbedded a classified number of times within the bill.
(LAUGHS) you measure a bird's bill from the tip to the nostril.
Why the Helmet vanga possesses such a vivid blue bill is a mystery.
Its stout bill is perfect for ripping open tough seed pods.
In this film, just one question, was there a duck who, when the explosion is happens, his bill goes around to the back of his head, and then in order to talk, he has to put it back this way?
His pouch gapes, sucking in ten litres of water as his upper bill closes the trap.
It's as close as a bill gets to a Swiss Army penknife.
It had a bill like one and I was calling a duck a duck.
Only found in Australia, lives in water, got a flat bill on the front.
As he hits the surface, his legs and wings thrust backwards, forcing his bill around his prey.
the kiwi has the shortest bill of all birds. but they're very good sneezers.
$10 million bond, $2 million cash.
If you buy a bond with a 4 % nominal interest rate for EUR 100, sell it after a year and get EUR 104, then buy a basket of goods for EUR 101.50, you will have EUR 2.50 left over.
I still need a 1 O-letter word for bond.
Asset B is a central government bond with variable rate coupon payments, to which a 0.5% valuation haircut is applied.
And then that treasury bond your grandmother gave you, that's maturing very nicely.
Every bond you buy will help protect someone you love. - Turn around!
Kevin Mitnick was jailed without bond in Raleigh, North Carolina... where he was arrested this week.
But you don't have to be a genius to know that 10% of 200,000 is 20,000, which is the bond you would have to post to get your boyfriend out of jail.
As far as I'm concerned, you're just a walking treasury bond.
Hmm, it is my understanding that Mr. Agos' bond has come from his workplace, your workplace.
A covalent bond, which means these two atoms are linked by...
“Nationality” is defined in the European Convention on Nationality as the “legal bond between a person and a State and does not indicate the person’s ethnic origin.”
The bond between precious metals and paper currency was cracking.
This bond sets out the rights (political, economic, social, cultural, etc) and responsibilities that are reserved for nationals of a state.
What you shall drink from these cups... will celebrate our newfound alliance's unremitting bond.
That's very good. Burton and I decided to go on a... well, we decided to talk a little strategy, knowing that the bond between Christa, Rupert and Sandra pretty much puts us at fourth and fifth.
Hell, Ron and I may not agree on everything, but we share the bond of being from the greatest city in the history of this Earth.
Your familial bond notwithstanding, you yourself told me that our shared connection as Witnesses means I am the lieutenant's best chance.
It's a very weak bond over a single hair, but multiplied by 10 million or more and it's incredibly strong.
Bail is set at 100,000, cash or bond.
I would kill the sentry, considering the necessity of the bridge.
The highest bridge in the world (245 metres tall) is the Millau Viaduct in France, which was opened in 2004.
First down to the forest... then over the bridge and up again.
On the back, the map, bridge and value numeral appear in yellow or green.
I killed many Frenchmen on my way back to this bridge.
The centre also aims to serve as a bridge between education and free enterprise for graduates of the nearby university.
The world’s highest bridge – the Millau Viaduct (France).
Let him get them, he's eating 'em. Crawling on that bridge and cutting that rope. That was real brave thing to do, Mr. Logan.
What a thing to come to at the end, like building a bridge or stealing the crown jewels.
The EESC is required more than ever to put its picture of itself as a ‘bridge for civil society’ to the test.
The bridge is uninhabitable. The rest of the ship seems able to sustain life.
The bridge over the canal, Largo never allows strangers to go near it.
Then you know that the OD is never the last one to the bridge.
I could call the chief on the bridge if anything happened.
Captain, would you mind stepping out on the bridge with me, please?
"As a commanding officer, it's like being on a sinking liner, running to the bridge and finding out the captain is Daffy Duck."
Worf, Solis, T'Su, to the battle bridge.
I believe I can lock on it. Get a picture of their bridge.
You ordered me to report to the bridge, sir.
Here I am, brain the size of a planet, and they tell me to take you up to the bridge.
Well, if you can imagine the size of nelson's column Which is roughly three times the size of a london bus Then tschaikowsky was much smaller.
Choose the train or bus instead of the car and walk or cycle as much as you can.
to sell horses and carriages, and so buy the bus.
Green Boulevard, a free shuttle bus service to reduce trac, Hasselt, Limburg, Belgium.
Bus will be ready to leave just as soon as I get my chains on.
Caught a bus up north, to come to live in Rio goodbye father, goodbye mother.
We better go back to town, the bus leaves at five, you know.
Well, she will only have to wait eight minutes for the regular bus.
I'm sorry, my bus leaves in 40 minutes.
Ask if the bus has arrived from Asbury Park.
It has a faulty bus that we weren't able to fix before you guys impounded it.
Her Unix kernel couldn't read command line prompts anymore because the frontside bus had stopped communicating with the memory cache.
I'm gonna turn that on so it adds it, and we look over here, there's a huge bus taking all the values from the end of the ALU, all the way back over here.
I'm guessing Jim was trying to replace the wiring from the batteries to the main DC bus.
my first inclination isthat your bus speed is not up to snuff with your video card.
Sure, I might decide I want to spend the rest of my natural life waiting to move an instruction without a 16-bit bus, but other than that, I'm not looking at that binder.
Dual-core processor, brand-new system bus, overclocked memory.
Barolay, yank the connectors from the bus I showed you and strip the cables out of them.
Lot two, bust of Athena, ancient Goddess of wisdom, industry and war.
NARRATOR: Ramesses' memorial temple, from which the bust came, was just the start of the king's obsession for building.
Then, in the blink of an eye, that card appeared on the station. And at that same moment, a bust of Willie Mays appeared at the Hall of Fame in Cooperstown, New York.
Oh, no, no, the bust is cool.
You see the two molds are put together and filled with plaster to make the complete bust.
Yeah, I used a web crawler to index sites with the recently updated keyword "bust"
The medallion bears the bust of the artist on one side, with his famous work The Three Graces on the other.
Now, seeing as what you're really after is that bust of old King George, maybe you can tell your old friend Ryder why.
And bring in some smart stuff, like a book or the bust of that crazy guy that sits at the end of schroeder's little piano there.
We finally get into the room where this is, this-this national treasure we've risked our lives for, this solid gold bust of Saddam... and somebody's already replaced it with a Mr. Potato Head.
You say you've got a good bust, but we don't believe it.
Oh, just look at Anita Ekberg's bust in that black dress!
No obeisance made he Not a minute stayed he Mien of lord or lady Perched above my door Perched upon a bust Just above my door
You sure you're ready to run comm on a bust?
They pulled their guns and badges as we made the bust.
No, listen, your bust looks absolutely right, because let me tell you something you don't want to look too busty.
I'm pretty certain that same person would be more than capable of planting a fag butt too.
You know, we took another look at the cigarette butt, the one with Elliot's DNA.
Blue tail -- that cigarette butt -- is only sold in South Africa.
So Andre Benson had the presence of mind to pick up his shell casings but not his cigarette butt that he left right next to the victim's hand?
We just need to find a cigar butt or some hair, anything that might have Little Chubby's DNA.
The whole town smokes American tobacco and there's not a single butt on any of the boats.
When they tested the cigarette butt, they found both their DNA on it.
There was no footprint match, no fiber match, no trace that Andre Benson was even there, except for this cigarette butt.
Do you want to put some tar in your lungs and some of your DNA on the butt?
Even a Coke machine or a cigarette butt in the street in buffalo is made out of atoms that came from a star.
While you're in prison, you'll experience eye poking, water-boarding, acts of war, throat slashing, and butt [Bleep]
MTV Awards program. Because on that night, Dr. S told the entire world that America is the land of the foul and the home of the butt.
You'll be like talking and there'll be like this big butt around you.
Says the man whose butt cheeks left a cocoa butter oil streak on my kitchen chairs.
Your head looks like lizard butt flap, you snot wipe.
I wonder what Yang would feel when his loyal dog bites in his butt?
Oh, that ship sailed with the butt pic and then crashed with "Mr. Chainz."
It's being afraid and pushing forward anyway, whether that means saving a baby dragon, protecting those you love, or giving a special someone the butt kicking they so richly deserve.
Set the picks there,pick there,knock down the shot,and send their sorry butt home in O.T.
Back then, I needed a super-kick in the butt and you laid it on me. Since then there's been no stealing for this gringo, I swear.
You're really going to do all this, I mean, put a canal right through the middle?
The PDA screen can also show old photographs, such as the visit of King Boudewijn to the Maas oods of 1984, the earlier swing bridges over the South Willems canal, and even Stokkem as a carnival town in full celebration.
The one essential sector of this front is and must be the canal.
All right, so, uh, we find out what canal, we'll be able to figure out where our suspect was prior to the ransom handoff.
If DeIgado"s flogging off the canal on the instructions of the President what"s the price?
It takes about ten minutes to cross the canal if you are lucky enough to find yourself a boat.
And getting in on the ground floor with these chaps is the sweetest, cheapest way of saving the canal.
Can't make her understand that the canal... which she and Udin bathe in and drink from carries disease.
But the canal was only the first step toward the promised land.
We're gonna take the canal, and use it like calligraphy, like ink, to write around the development.
If you're gonna keep the tooth, you need a root canal.
But I figured, it's a root canal. It's supposed to hurt, right?
Uh, Marty, I gave you an emergency root canal and did your crown for free.
"The cervix. It has a fine canal running through it opening into the cavity of the uterus above."
He's in for this really extensive root canal, and he just cannot stop spitting when I'm trying...
Oh, eh, it's probably like old english for root canal and gold crown
'Cause checking your phone is the international symbol for "I'd rather be having a root canal."
You've got four fillings, three cleanings, two crowns and a canal.
Um, it's a root canal, so I'm going to be out all afternoon.
I may need an actual root canal here, so if you could just--
Day or two after that you'll beg me to take the case just to cut off your arm.
Maybe she left it when she left her case.
Take three or four men and have them carry in the case that's on that wagon.
Pajamas, a hairbrush new shoes, and a case
Maybe you can tell me why, of all people, your Sgt. Anders happened to be visiting from a NATO base three hours away... and conveniently buys a coffee in the street, an American robs 20 casinos a priceless case...
It's me. Where the fuck is my suit case?
Colombo, that case is for your clean clothes!
I normally have, like, a case with all my little props and gadgets and whatnot, but, it's okay, you can use your imagination, like maybe a piece of luggage that shoots dog biscuits.
Give him the case, takes the heroin, and come back.
- Hammett. - Andrei, get the steel case in the back of my car.
I guess it's another case of like mother, like daughter.
This is the case in Portugal where joint powers are exercised between the director of the Executive Council (management body composed of members of school staff) and the president of the School Assembly (open to external representatives).
That was the worst case of insubordination I've ever seen.
This is the case for air shipments of red sea breamand common sea bream (or red porgy) from the Azores to Spainand Portugal.
Perhaps the most spectacular case of culture imitating nature is found amongst the people of Papua New Guinea.
Tax Fraud, Money Laundering, Corruption [case 5]
Your friend is the typical case that I see on the job.
She has a serious case of libido bipolar, hot and cold all the time.
I hope this case will make the whole profession think again.
There is not a single case in a book or in life... where a man that healthy went that mad that young with no visible abnormality of the brain.
Take your umbrella with you in case it rains.
By having your case put over till after the holidays when I saw the jury was gonna acquit you for Christmas.
The Court considers that this case is a further example of the problem that the Court had already pointed out in its 2008 Annual Report ( 23). ).
Private Kururugi Suzaku of the district 11 military, case 1075, concerning the suspicion of Prince Clovis' murder.
It is on the basis of this information that, if need be, reallocation discussions take place with a view to ensuring the most ecient work-sharing arrangement for a particular case within the ECN.
Since when did Jolene Parker's case go from missing person to murder investigation?
One case looked at creating local plans which would reach the national goal of acceptable private and public services in all parts of the rural areas (shops, access to authorities etc.).
Downtown branch, and we're actually taking over the case.
As a rule of thumb if individuals at a distance of one metre can only communicate if they raise their voices, this will likely be the case.•Be informed of the expected sound levels of the ‘works’ to be performed.
So I'm just telling you about Pard, in case you want him for your own dog.
For today's challenge, you will dig down to retrieve a club and use it to smash a tile.
Ton, you give this guy a golf club, he'll probably try to fuck it.
I just grabbed the first thing I saw and it was a golf club, and I didn't mean it.
The Colonel had several trophies from India, but nothing like that club.
So it is 3:00 A.M. I am creeping down the stairs in my underwear, holding the golf club like a machete. I hear the noise again, coming from the kitchen.
We believe that the club broke in the course of a struggle, And that it was used as a weapon to kill russell huntley. Hmm.
- Worry not. Simply show the little angels which end of the club to hold, tee the ball up, then duck.
You just keep swingin' that club until you're part of the whole thing.
Thinking golf club, which we haven't been able to locate yet.
Wooden rod used to slap the soles of the feet in Turkish prisons, and is a great billy club.
I'm sure the club is anxious to know the whereabouts of their little lost sheep.
For instance, pupils helped to restore a local playground, and the school sports club arranges discos for local youths.
In short, the club was so different and so much more united that, in 1992, it decided to change its name to the ‘European Union’ (EU).
Unless you can get this piano and the club into my kitchen... because I'm gonna be cooking for that pretty nigger over there... so I can get fat, and we might have some babies.
They all decided to put their coal and steel industries together and to form a club they called the European Coal and Steel Community (ECSC).
The six countries got on so well working together that they soon decided to start another club, called the European Economic Community (EEC).
Some people used to claim it was the stuffiest club in the Commonwealth.
The six countries got on so well working together that they soon decided to start another club, called the European Economic Community (EEC).
Other projects that the LAG has funded include an SME programme and a farmers’ Internet club.
Dude, this is a dry cleaners, not a strip club.
The nearest big cluster is the next stop on our voyage.
Each galaxy cluster is composed of hundreds or thousands of galaxies.
Every young cluster we knew about more than 10 years ago, all had less than 10,000 stars.
This simulation shows how a galaxy cluster may form.
Thousands of other stars have formed or are in the process of forming, but as it's happening, scientists believe the cluster is imposing a kind of birth control on the whole cycle.
Well, the cluster's a lot more dense than we thought.
The simulations where we can actually play how a galaxy cluster evolves over billions of years always leave me breathless.
Our first stop, the Pleiades, the most famous star cluster of all, 440 light-years from Earth.
The Brechtian Cluster is now five light years away.
Westerlund 1 won't be the most massive young cluster known for a long time.
Um, Sloan, it's just a tangled cluster of blood vessels under the baby.
Virtually all research and innovation actors (enterprises, universities, technology transfer bodies, cluster organisations, higher education institutes, etc.) can apply, depending on the programmes and initiatives that the Member States and regions provide for the relevant area and type of applicant.
You get a hot shot, a cluster, you send a car.
Projects in the Cluster of European Air Quality Research ( CLEAR ) are creating systems and tools to support urban governance as a path to improved quality of life for all citizens.
Obviously a cluster of buildings, so let's all have a big laugh at the freak.
Interterritorial cooperation facilitated by the LAGs has enabled the ve schools to establish their own network or cluster.
Paris is a real city, but London is just such a different cluster of villages.
The LUTR cluster of projects is finding new ways to help cities and large towns optimise their use of buildings, land and transport networks as a means of reducing chronic problems, such as traffic congestion and urban sprawl . www.lutr.net
In the Pegasus cluster, there's a ring galaxy the wreckage left from the collision of two galaxies.
The Commission will also promote the design of a system providing Europeans with better and wider career prospects in the maritime cluster.
- I mean, this is not the coach.
I just want to say that every time I make a stop at this lay-by I inspect the coach.
The coach will be driven by William here, better known as Big William, for very obvious reasons.
Did you say 'a coach three cars it chained?
Leaving from platform 5, through coach to Dallas... Philadelphia, Columbus, Indianapolis, Terre Haute,
When we get to the Alps, we will transfer to a coach.
The coach that's coming to your grand-dad on Friday.
The coach for KLM Flight 102 to Rotterdam... is departing from Gate 10.
And they had a little coach to take us to this town and when we got to the town, Lockerbie.
'But before all that, my first hurdle of the new term involved 'a freezing cold day in January, a coach and Jay calling me a bender.
And I need somewhere safe to bring her till I've hired a coach to take us away.
You wouldn't think so, but that coach isn't very reliable. What?
With the pumpkin that turns into a coach and the mice that become horses?
That coach is very comfortable, the best the market.
Eshton is using my coach to pursue some unusual twins.
Whatever we do, you missing your coach won't help.
If the Coles, who are traders, can keep a coach, then the master of Donwell Abbey should be equal to it!
If we hurry, we can still make the morning coach.
The coach had to go and break down on such a terrible road.
The coach had to go and break down on such a terrible road for no reason.
I got it handled, coach, all right?
Ruud van Nistelrooy, the famous Dutch striker, speaks four languages, while his compatriot ‘Lucky’ Guus Hiddink, the celebrated football coach, speaks five languages.
Please, mr. Darnell is more than a football coach.
My coach comes up to me and says, "Mac, how'd you like to meet...
All those in favour of the coach staying say "aye".
Coach sends in a play, Right Flanker Option.
Mr. Zirella, you are now my new head football coach.
Anyway, the Coach thinks I could use a year on the B team under my belt.
You throw a new coach with newfangled ideas at 'em, might get 'em all confused.
He is the head of the 10 Tigers of Canton, and he is the coach of the Local Militia
"Kidnapped by danger, colon, "the Avery Jessup story, comma,
And not even an interesting one like a colon or an ellipsis.
colon. "I want to... ... makeloveto ... ... yourmother."
Then she writes, "Whatevs," colon, hyphen, closed parenthesis.
It's, uh, h-t-t-p, colon, forward slash, forward slash, w-w-w, period, members, period, webplicity custom sites...
You'll hear all I have to say about Jack Donaghy in my tell-all book, betrayal, colon, what really happened with my baseball team, comma, disaster at Knuckle Beach, question mark.
"Hawkeye, colon, The Avenger Nobody Gives a Shit About,"
All right, and to that, I say, colon, closed parenthesis, sir.
"R-e-f," then a colon, then "Cordelia."
Thank you, Alexa, for that inspiring reading of psalm 90 colon one dash twelve.
Looks like hicks's obsession with safety did not extend to his colon.
I told work that my mom had a spastic colon.
One bullet went through the right lower quadrant and perfed the colon.
Your colon is actually your large intestine, and again we're only gonna take a piece of it.
Dr. Bailey, can you -- no, I have his colon.
Charles, instead of vessels, I now have you on colon, bowel, and rectum, parts I and II.
I'm 86 years old. I've... got a colon packed with meat.
But during Phlegmming's term, rot and stagnation paralyzed this neighborhood the colon, and the sphincter.
That's called the monkey claw cause it feels like my colon is being ripped apart by a thousand monkeys.
Young man, if you're referring to the anus or the descending colon, then the answer is yes.
One column of that on top of us and we'd sink like a ship of lead.
Piece of ceiling or column could fall and hit on the reactor.
Well, if you can imagine the size of nelson's column Which is roughly three times the size of a london bus Then tschaikowsky was much smaller.
Let it pile up, brick by brick... into a teetering column that has to fall.
Then again, five hours ago, I was pulled into a hole by what appeared to be a column of black smoke.
You're the one who told Junior to knock the column down.
You see, when the column rises, it proves the extent of the power thrust.
- Well, you better read 'em again, because, I'm telling you, that column is load-bearing.
Tom, he's just standing there against the column.
Because I'm telling you: that column is load-bearing.
First of all, I thrust my column in your face because I thought you were the most beautiful woman that I have ever seen, and I...
The partnership has led to more informed reporting and editorial decision, a new daily column written by different local people, and improved outreach with readers in harder-to-reach immigrant groups.
I don't see myself covering the catwalks or doing a gardening column, Aengus.
Maybe there's something for my pathetic gossip column after all.
Yeah, so you could keep your mind off of the column, not write a letter to it.
Look, her advice column has been obsessed with love ever since you left.
. - Your column, March 16, this year.
I just came by to tell you your column was wonderful.
By the end of the day, we're gonna have a system in place that tracks your column ideas, your columns written, and your columns considered, plus a separate file for your questions, comments, and fan mail.
Wait. Is it possible that we could postpone the radio show? Because I barely have time to write my column let alone all the other stuff that I have to do.
Actually, he's a very famous composer and conductor.
Z"During a performance of Swan Lake, a conductor was recorded as being exposed to 88 d B .
-And the conductor needs you there in two hours.
The world-famous conductor Daniel Barenboim opened a new series of debates on Europe under the ‘Discourses on Europe’ banner. He spoke about the power of music and Europe’s commitment to the Middle East and the world.
He's a greatmusician, maybe the greatest conductor in the world.
Ms. Du Ru Mi, you mentioned the conductor will be here in two days, right?
And competing alongside Oakmoor School will be St Cuthbert's Choir and they're from London and they're led by a renowned conductor, Roderick Peterson.
Some of the first guests at the Riverview were the ambassador to Estonia and the conductor of the Chicago Philharmonic and... and, of course, uh... numerous celebrities and movie stars.
Are you acquainted with the works or person of Julian Craster, composer and conductor?
The conductor didn't know what we were doing. lt was so funny.
Then you morphed into the conductor, and now these memories are gone.
Nobody but a conductor can afford to pay what he does for that big old north room.
He's always pulling it out like he's some kind of train conductor from the 1800s.
I swear I'll be a great friend at the finish line, but the conductor just said you're going express to Borough Hall, which means you're screwed, sweetie.
I'm just wondering though, what you're going to do... when the conductor comes by.
The conductor wants the ticket, I'm showing him it.
Hey, I pulled the emergency brake. Why hasn't the conductor come over the intercom yet?
Wassup, Tyler, Neal, old-timey train conductor.
Conductor, there's a naked person in your tram!
I, too, began as a sleeping car conductor, and believe me, those were the happiest days.
Let alone some dead man flattened like the coyote in some dang Road Runner cartoon.
The coyote is under the stage with a ferret and a snake, and none of them will come out!
You know, I was watching the Animal Planet channel... and they say that when a coyote is trapped... it will eat its own foots off to get out of the trap.
The next few minutes would determine whether I would run free, like a wild coyote with the wind in my fur, or stay tied to the fence like a rabit...
What are the odds that this hand is not being eaten right now by a coyote ?
Think Cullen could be right about the killer being a coyote?
If he were a coyote, he would straddle you and yelp.
If that's a coyote, someone needs to pick me up off the ground now.
Like, when the Roadrunner and the Coyote clocked out and had a beer together?
"Oh, Peter, there's a coyote in the driveway."
Brush up on his Spanish and he'd make a damn good coyote.
According to Ana, he's the coyote, and he was gonna sell these people for sex, work.
He confirmed that a coyote known as El Gato operated out of his city at the time of the Escarra massacre in Mexico.
It seems the coyote had pocketed the tribute he normally paid to traverse Escarra territory and was trying to sneak the caravan through.
Zeep: So remember -- a crank a day is not nearly enough.
One time I was cranking it, to start it and the crank broke in half.
This wheel is where the crank went and kinetic motion generated a supply of energy by spinning a coil of conductive wire around a magnet.
Why don't you just, like, dish to me about what Andre's crank is like?
You do realize this will make the flooble crank obsolete?
Well, I did some crank; don't ask me why, 'cause I fucking hate that shit.
I was in way deep with Darby on my crank debt... $2,700.
Now, you're cooking crank, out of somebody's garage..
You didn't spike our crank with that fucking peyote shit of yours again, did you? Who, me?
And I'll make damn sure the crank don't get in the way.
Okay, so, six hours of work, and the only thing that left the garage was a cricket that hopped out on its own.
The only ones that are rigged to go are the cricket and the silver one.
The cricket is still alive, but the stench of its blood attracts the attention of others.
The more the cricket struggles, the more it becomes entangled.
This cricket has huge eyes but it's difficult to see what's going on around it.
Almost everything that walks past here could eat him, even a cricket.
You wish it was a cricket! I found it in the sink!
The common field cricket, AKA Gryllus assimilis, which is Latin for "suck it, you lose. "
A cricket can't be too careful, you know.
Of course, I'm just a cricket singing my way from hearth to hearth, but let me tell you what made me change my mind.
- 3 seconds! - OK, OK... nature programs where small giraffes get killed, people with body urban bus, and definitely, most absolutely Formula 1, cricket or any other sport that's shown on TV.
The full flavour of the game of hangman's cricket, is best appreciated after the game has been played for several hours.
- You are gonna watch the cricket, too.
The husband. His wife's in danger, he has a cricket bat under the bed.
You were with the villagers and what's-his-name teaching them cricket.
You know, when I was at school, I used to play cricket for the third eleven.
Most people, you know, think cricket is solely for the Australians and the English but let me tell you this Shahbandar the West Indians are playing better than we are at the moment.
For this Aman Cup, our teams play a cricket match.
The object of hangman's cricket is for each competitor to retain his alloted nine lives by scoring runs with a cat or bat, defending his lower leg from being struck by the ball.
Anyway, I could teach him to play cricket and rugby and visit him at Eton on St. Andrew's Day.
At the Sabbath witches and sorcerers first desecrate the Church's holy cross.
It is his cross, and must load it.
Why don't you have the carpenter build you a cross, so you can drag it about the ship and put ashes on your head?
Have you forgotten that the cross upon which our Lord died is within the walls of Acre?
He was painting the roof, or making a cross
When we came in, he was trembling with his arm outstretched, ...holding this cross to keep back some horrible apparition.
If anyone wants to be my follower, let him renounce self, take up his cross, and follow me.
Least you could've worn white hoods and burned a cross.
This man bears a cross called cancer. He's Christ.
Can you swear on the Passion of our Lord that you did not see his cloak and the cross?
Under the first, the cow must be a ‘meat’ cow, determined by its belonging to a meat breed or its origin deriving from a cross with that breed.
Well, you see, there was this dog, and it looked like a cross between a chihuahua and Satan, who was responsible for...
She was a cross between a nurse and Marquis de Sade.
A cross between a female lion and a male tiger is called a tigon, which is an even rarer animal.
He ran the surf shop. And he was a cross between you and Bam-Bam from The Flintstones.
- Come on, come on. - Copy that. Do you want me to get the labs for transfusion type and cross match?
A civet is a kind of cross between a cat and a mongoose.
A cross between piss yellow and puke green, ain't it?
Now, as you can see, in the third generation, or third cross, no trace of native origin is apparent.
Good Lord, she looks like a cross between Leni Riefenstahl and Thomas Gottschalk.
The little dash that you'll sometimes find near the serial number?
Thank you, Alexa, for that inspiring reading of psalm 90 colon one dash twelve.
"Int., honeymoon suite, night... Dash, night.
Well, keep in mind that all our lives amount to is that little dash on your headstone between the date of your birth and your death.
The fourth one had the dash and the Longfellow, but no quotation marks around the quote.
WITH ACCENT: "Wanna come for a ride in my MP4 dash 12C?"
This is made from various metabolic enhancers, gorilla testosterone, even a dash of peppermint.
Monty, I think our friend here was about to dine and dash.
The second one had the attribution, but she wanted a dash preceding it.
Every human being... is guaranteed those two dates... but that little dash... that lies in between those two numbers... that's what defines our life.
No, how about this? We'll do a 100-yard dash, you and me, right?
I mean, it wasn't any marathon, but it wasn't a 20-yard dash.
"First place, hundred yard dash, twelfth grade."
'Which meant they had the lead as we reached the final part of the race, 'a six-mile dash across the frozen lake. '
Come on, Rainbow. Show 'em a little dash!
Special skills include stealing top secret information with his phone and 100 meter dash.
100 yard dash, you versus me, end zone to end zone.
For him, every step we take is like a 100-meter dash.
Plus I got your favorite rocky road for desert.
And please tell your mother from me that the desert was superb.
Do you mind if he joins us for desert?
Um, Hank and Marie are on their way, roast chicken and potatoes for dinner, rocky road for desert, and, uh, chocolate cake, as requested.
Uh, something tells me desert's gonna have to wait?
"So Quang has bought a tube of glue" "That they can sniff for desert"
- It was excellent, thank you. I know you guys like Italian food, so I am making fettuccine. And for desert, guess.
And for dinner, see what mother has for desert: banana gingerbread shortcake just another of the many tempting ways which this nutritious fruit cand be prepaired..
Just wait for desert Sir, I made it with you on mind.
- And fulfilling all dietary requirements, dinner tonight, gentlemen, will consist of sprout soup, followed by sprout salad, and for desert - I think you'll like it, rather unusual - sprout crumble.
When I came to this land, it was a desert, town and villages plundered and pillaged, the noblemen robbers and the people beggars, ...mistreated.
Nothing could stop that car, scorching desert, snow-covered mountains, she could go anywhere.
Now we journey on across this burning desert and I shall not rest until I see the temple spires of the city of Tun-Huang.
What is the most important thing for a human being , who wants to cross the desert ?
- This here's the desert. We're right in it.
There's nothing but desert between here and Texas.
Billee, this desert at night really does something to me.
You can beat the police, you can beat the road and you can even beat the clock. But you can't beat the desert.
This is the most treacherous desert of all, because after the short rainy season it looks like an immense paradise that can rival the opulence of the Cubango.
But to the oryx and the little creatures of the Namib this waterless, hostile desert is paradise.
The assailant plunged the knife into the diaphragm, yanked it up, and punctured the left ventricle of the heart to cause maximum damage.
If his diaphragm's not working, maybe his nerves are freezing up.
She's been in an iron lung since she choked on a pixy stick and paralyzed her diaphragm.
When we breathe the diaphragm drops, the ribs and intercostals expand. Clears room for the lungs to inflate with air.
Now, remember... singing is all about the use of the diaphragm.
Judging by her rib cage and diaphragm attachments, she was either a swimmer, a singer or an asthmatic, or any combination thereof.
I was set to a respirator and they said I'd never breathe on my own again because my diaphragm was destroyed.
Strangulation, blocked airway, inert-gas inhalation, Compression of chest and diaphragm.
The bladder, the liver, the veins... The lungs, the diaphragm, the muscles...
I'm gonna have to get rid of the lung, the diaphragm and pericardium with this tumor. Yeah.
The jewelry that you gave her, those savings bonds from her grandparents. The diaphragm that she got using your health coverage.
Um... a few weeks ago, though, I woke up in the morning and realized I hadn't worn my diaphragm with Art the night before.
In which case, all I need to tell you is that I'm folding the diaphragm in half, like so... and gently inserting it into the vagina before releasing it so that it opens out into a full cup shape
These young wives get themselves a diaphragm, and once they can pick and choose their family size, the picking and the choosing never stops.
He used to poke holes in my diaphragm with a pin because he loved having me pregnant because that way I could stay home and take care of him, cater to him.
Well, I did read a "Psychology Today" while I was waiting to be fitted for my new diaphragm.
Then on a few mornings she saves the fluid that comes out when she removes her diaphragm.
I use a diaphragm, but I had a couple of encounters without it.
My days as a Catholic ended when Mom found my diaphragm.
And this is the diabolical part pulls out her diaphragm so it looks like rape.
That includes GPS coordinates that the drone acquires from several satellites.
Somebody hacked into that drone and took out Dale Tanner.
Excuse me? Cole tried to secure that landing zone with more men, but instead you sent a drone, which failed to detect the missile that killed my informant and two of your men.
I'm gonna be dead without that shard! Easy, warrior goddess, I'm just a little salvage-scrap drone!
An F-16 costs 50 million and a drone costs 30.
With the added weight, the drone has a range of 4 or 5 miles.
There's no way that a military drone could fly over New York City and smoke a guy.
The drone hardly ruffles a feather as it captures a view of the greatest gathering of flamingos seen for 20 years.
He wants us to feel helpless when the drone blows up that school.
A life where you're not evading hit men, dodging the odd predator drone?
When the drone mates with the queen, his ejaculation is so explosive it's audible to the human ear.
Now that the kingjock is no longer her main drone?
I can't believe I'm the same model as that Imperial drone.
Did you know that the drone is nature's most talented suicidal swordsman?
Rumor has it Manticore was a covertly- funded genetic engineering facility.
Züblin is a German construction company and also operates in building construction and civil engineering as well as in construction-related services. rough its subsidiary, ROBA Baustoff GmbH (Roba), it is active in the production and distribution of building materials.
It's scientifically plausible, but quite a feat of genetic engineering.
MeVEA Oy, a spinoff company supplying services and systems based on virtual engineering has resulted from this collaboration offering solutions for product development and operator training based on its special know-how on real-time simulation of dynamics, multi technical and virtual systems.
"Could be the first commercial success of genetic engineering... that directly affects food for humans."
However, the parties’ combined shares of the construction and civil engineering markets would remain well under 15 % even if these markets were to be further divided.
Children, our friend Mr. Hat is going to tell us all about genetic engineering.
Architecture, pharmacy, civil engineering,teacher education (1-6 classes) doktorikraad magistrikraad*
Given the current state of genetic engineering, an adult subject could be incubated in approximately eight hours.
Financial Engineering and Advisory Services Guido BICHISAO ba r b 1 right
Engineering reports we have sufficient impulse power to achieve escape velocity.
Life-support system, engineering and propulsion all appear functional but there are no life signs, sir.
Engineering is heavily contaminated, and radiation's moving forward.
Engineering has been making adjustments to the plasma conduits to accommodate a new energy source.
I'm sure engineering will have us all patched up by the time we get back.
The Bridge is on Deck 1. Engineering is on Deck 1 1. Deck 6 is halfway in between, right?
Our Engineering section has been commandeered by young Wesley Crusher.
Our extended time in uncharted territory has stretched the ship's mechanical capacities. But fortunately our engineering department, led by Mr. Scott, is more than up to the job.
sickbay, transporter room three, main bridge, Captain's ready room, shuttlebay two and engineering.
That's why ethics is important-- what separates us from the animals, the beasts of burden, the beasts of prey.
HU lower and upper secondary human studies and ethics, social studies integrated not prescribed
And although the ethics of broadcasting prohibit me from gambling, I can say unofficially, my money's on Scott. What money?
A new set of ethics for banks and better European supervision to rebuild the economy
- Ethics aside, the Chinese are the world's second superpower.
LI upper secondary history, ethics, economy and law
Your ethics might keep you from treating him against his will... but nothing's stopping you from talking to him.
The commission recommended five basic themes:society, religion and ethics;aesthetics; language andcommunication; nature and environment; physicalactivities.
First of all You should know only too well... what medical ethics are regarding organ transplant
Ethics remain at the heart of scientific and technological progress in the EU.
Ethics is the foundation of everything we do as active participants in a society.
You were given a terminal diagnosis, and Connolly ends up offering you a choice-- your life or your ethics, and you picked your life.
Of course, we all know that ethics do not apply to the very rich.
Yeah, but the only classes we can take together are conversational French and ethics.
What happened to my ethics being so sexy to you?
What good are ethics if you aren't alive to live by them?
Who has time for ethics when he's rich and his cock works, eh?
But you were repeatedly mentioned... by your colleagues as someone lacking ethics.
A source in the governor's office says despite this... ... the execution will proceed at one minute after midnight tonight.
The execution is scheduled for tomorrow. 1400 hours.
Yes, the execution is still set for 7:00 in the morning.
The said sentence to be administered three days after the end of this hearing unless, unless the representative for the accused can show positive proof why the execution should not be carried out.
By the power invested in me, I here by order that the execution begin...
To prevent further acts of terror by the Narn against our people from this day on, the penalty for the murder of any Centauri by any Narn will be the execution of 500 Narns including the perpetrator's own family.
The execution of Meleager is for everyone, not just you early-birds.
I told them they could have live coverage of the execution of an agent of the Secret Service.
Execution tonight at 6.:00. All net. All channels.
This is not a fight, Nefertiri, this is an execution, and for no reason.
"Nevertheless, if he was forced to its execution by an impulse... "... by an impulse, which he was powerless to control... "... he will be excused from punishment."
Execution of a European Arrest Warrant and Surrender [case 10]
So, you've no problem with the principle of obeying me, just the execution.
Lithuanian MLA requests, the initiation and subsequent coordination of linked investigations and prosecutions and the planning and arranging for the execution of an urgent European Arrest
And the privilege of execution, in that they were the first to be struck by the fever, will be granted to the Monoids.
The preparation, issuance and execution of this warrant were co-ordinated through Eurojust.
The execution was fixed for 1200 hours, the 19th of next month.
Italian prosecutor sought to secure judicial cooperation and exchange of information in order to locate the suspects and co-ordinate a simultaneous execution of the European Arrest Warrants.
I'd say 8.5 for style. Maybe 9 for execution.
In this particular example of the successful execution of Step 4, I came home from a night on the piss to find my flat had been broken into.
Dawn sky, chaplain, last fag, instead of bend over, bang, straight into the bin-liner?
I was just having a fag. Got a bit carried away like.
Had one fag break all night, a ten-minute wander in the garden and that was it.
"Sue my chin" - give us a fag, I'll give you two next week.
I said, "Give me 200 quid, I'll light my fag off two fucking fireworks." - Dickie nips off round the corner...
"Buff my pylon" - give us a fag, you owe me two so I'm letting you off the other one.
You know, when my girls go on their break, they usually duck out the back for a fag and a go at the crossword.
Look my son's a fag, I'm not blind to these things.
Everybody knows Beecher's a fucking fag, and that you're sucking his cock.
I told you - I'm a professional football player, not a professional fag!
It's, like... the last time there was this fag at the Borny Tae club, you know, man?
Then he proceeds to bully the rest of them, accusing anyone who wanted to discuss my case of being a fag.
fuck, that's unreal.. ever since that fag's been with you, ...you must sleep together ...it's got to be - what a retard!
If he doesn't, he's a fag.
Fuck, when that fag comes back, I'll fucking kill him!
Mauro was right, this fake fag couldn't stomach Jorge, he did it all for you.
Really? That's what I thought until I found out Alexander the Great was a fag.
My friends always say I'm too calm, but my family always says I'm too annoying.
Will you swear by almighty god that you and your family and that agent of yours won't breathe a word of this shocking thing to a mortal soul?
It also believes that the family is the basis of society and the best means of transmitting the world-view that underlines the European Union.
And even after I move out, I still want to do stuff together as a family, okay?
– Mutual society family:AIM (mutual societies), ACME(insurance), AISAM (mutualinsurance).
We leave tomorrow morning... and you and your family will have your home to yourselves again.
The European Union – a growing family . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4
When I come home, if there's any grand opera playing the whole Connors family goes down there twice a week.
In 1994, the family began to trade with the Schott Group.
You and your family recently moved here from Buffalo?
It's a form of pernicious anaemia which affects the chelonian family.
Garlic gets the most press, But the cruciferous family is not to be underestimated.
Technically, it's the plant "kingdom"" it goes kingdom, phylum, class, order, family, genus, species.
Nail is flat, indicates the family Cercopithecidae, which limits the geographic range to Northern Africa.
I came here to expose a hoax... and suddenly a whole reptile family is coming to life.
Get the blue form, window 36, sixth floor, staircase B corridor F.
Members can book travel tickets and accommodation.(CITtravel agency: first floor of the Belliard 97 building.The agency provides an information service, while alsobooking and arranging travel tickets and hotel rooms.
I didn't know which room it was except it was on the second floor, like Leroy said.
Hello. Look, a man is assaulting a woman at 125 West 9th Street. Second floor, at the rear.
This is the floor where Lassard is being held hostage.
He came on the floor today- i just happened to be there. This was about 10:30 this morning.
This goes to Moore, Bank and Patterson, on the 23rd floor of that building.
Ah, yes, well, that's the pets department, second floor.
Window 12, second floor, staircase B, corridor J.
There was an explosion on the roof. The top floor went like that. Then the fifth, then the fourth.
Floor's so shiny, I can see up my own dress.
Are at surfaces (floor, inspection pit, etc.) regularly cleaned?
The floor of our shelter is still not as comfortable as it needs to be.
Are at surfaces (floor, inspection pit in service station, etc.) paint resistant from substances that are used (e.g., oil, diesel, petrol)?
So that for all I know, even though it looks... like there's a stable floor by the side of my bed... there might be a cliff or something like that, okay?
- Like the inside of a chimney, grease and soot everywhere, floor covered with oil and bits of wick.
I couldn't get comfortable here if the floor was lined with mink.
The doors, the walls, the floor are all made of metal.
But why doesn't he just put up a sign that says "wet floor"?
I mean, the floor broke through from just the cannonball. It's going to take money.
My father always said trouble follows that family like stink on a fly's ass.
It's more like Charlotte's Web, but from the fly's point of view.
You follow across the ceiling the sinuous lines of a thin crack the futile meandering of a fly, the progress - which it is almost impossible to plot - of the shadows.
You don't know that a fly should be scared of a snake.
To them, the life of a woman mattered no more than that of a fly
But most critically, the fly has a physiology that can neutralise the lethal levels of salt.
There are 85,000 different kinds ... and among them, a perfect fly for almost every habitat, even this one.
Do you know how hard it is to get a kid and a fly to hold still for a picture?
A second strike in less than 20 seconds and the fly is doomed.
I still don't see why pheromones might cause a harmless fly to attack a human, Doctor.
Even the whores wonder and they don't care about the pant color as long as it has a fly.
We're not going down because you failed to keep your fly zipped.
He stood beside me, opened his fly and got out his boner.
The girl was on her knees, undoing your fly with her teeth. She's in the perfect position to at least get a blow job.
Worst part, honestly, is needing somebody to help zip your fly.
We stood there. Suddenly, out of the blue, he unzipped his fly and took out his dick, erected, and poked it against my thigh.
Your fly is open... and your Hostess Twinkie is hanging out.
When I'm told there's nothing to worry about I look to see if my fly is open.
You might want to check your fly, Sir Don't-Get-Laid-a-Lot.
And then the one and only time that I take him to court with me, his fly was down, and he called the judge "Your Owner."
Will you forgive me for being such a fool?
You think I talk like this cause I'm some poor fool?
Claudio, if you don't mind me saying so, you are a fool.
The truth is... to try robbing us would be so futile... that only a complete fool would attempt it.
I'm not a fool, so please do not treat me as one.
But don't you think for one moment that I'm such a fool... as not to have something to say about Manchester.
This Captain sale is no fool. It will not be long before he looks here.
Such a fool, trying to look... like a knight quedting for the Holy Grail.
Oh, but I must say I felt an awful fool!
But if it were, doubt not my care should be To paint your face, and use you like a fool.
Take my advice, don't be a fool and waste your whole furlough like Böttcher.
Doesn't he know, young fool, when it's time to go home?
- You ain't a fool enough to trust her?
McKay, you're a bigger fool than I thought you were.
So will I make him look the perfect fool and I will look to the world as the true freedom-loving democrat.
Are you such a fool or a hero? !
If he's still alive when the tide turns... then any fool who fishes him out can have him.
If you're in love with him, you're too big a fool for a... man like me.
But even without an appetite I'd learned it's quite amazing how much a fool like me can swallow.
And warn me when that little fool does anything stupid.
Walter Arnell and Steven Delano sole trustees of the foundation.
More information on the working conditions applicable to posted workers can be found by visiting the website of Eurofound, the European Foundation for the Improvement of Living and Working Conditions, at www.eurofound.europa.eu.
In the beginning of 2007, a working group appointed by the Finnish Ministry of Education submitted proposals for granting each university the legal status of a foundation and for increasing their financial autonomy.
An elf climbed in his window and said to get the money from the Rockefeller Foundation.
As chairman of the Overseas Chinese Democracy Coalition (OCDC), founded in1998, and through his own Wei Jingsheng Foundation, he is still campaigning to achieve his overriding objective: human rights and democracy in China.
I'm sure I speak for all of my colleagues at the Foundation who worked so diligently on this matter.
The Polish Rectors Foundation offers opportunities for management staff of public and nonpublic HEIs to improve qualifications, such as the Summer Schools of Strategic Management for incumbent and newly-elected rectors and chancellors.
The Estonian Integration Foundation provides an early, systematic multilingual ‘Language Immersion Programme,’ developed on the basis of similar programmes in Canada and Finland.
I can't imagine that the Larrabee Foundation will throw good money away on a study of prehistoric rock dumpings.
Under her leadership, the Foundation has significantly extended its activity, from a two-member small office to a multifunctional organisation, working in several fields of Hungary’s international RTD relations.
On Munday workers come, they dig up the plot, they make cellar, foundation, big house!
9–10 December The Maastricht European Council adopts a Treaty on European Union, laying the foundation for a common foreign and security policy, closer cooperation on justice and home affairs and the creation of an economic and monetary union, including a single currency.
Well, as I keep saying and I'll continue to say, the foundation of a democracy is based on its citizens' right to vote.
Such regular auditing processes can stimulate the learning process within an organisation while laying the foundation for future (often external) evaluations.
You know, most people don't dig a foundation for a... gazebo.
* wrote a song for everyone... * and sometimes, if you have st the right view and just the right castle, you can build the foundation for your new history, all by yourself.
That piece lays the bond of trust and the foundation for all higher learning later.
When I marry, I'd like to know I have built the foundation of our life and home myself.
You're a gifted writer, marin, but you gotta get back into this place, build a foundation.
Shot in the dark, buildings in a geologically unsafe... some sort of liquid foundation?
Thing's got great horsepower, but the frame can't take a curb!
The new carbon nanotube cape frame is a significant upgrade.
First, the steel frame bends beyond its limits, and stays bent.
It's a state of being, a frame of mind It's a most befuddling thing
I'm afraid my frame was never designed for rapid acceleration.
All of this has to be like we could take... a still frame of all of it... to sharpen everything up.
(b)This system provides alonger and more manageable time frame for all parties.
We believe he watches the victims for a time learns the rhythms of the home, knows his time frame.
The values and attitudes they have acquired are intended as a frame of reference for responsible involvement based on the rights and duties of citizenship.
It's a very flexible frame in terms of tonality, in terms of action, in terms of mythology, in terms of subject matter.
It acts as a frame of reference for all measures promoting human resources and employment in the Union and the Member States are invited to take them into account in their own national employment plans.
Not if the frame of reference includes multiple universes.
Focusing on a more recent time frame, users entering treatment for primary heroin use increased both in number and as a proportion of all drug clients in eight countries between 2006 and 2007.
- Can anyone vouch for that time frame? - Nope.
Focusing on a more recent time frame, the number of primary opioid users entering treatment increased in 11¢countries between 2007 and 2008.
Don't make me sorry I took the gag out.
They trussed me up put a gag in my mouth!
For all I know, he was trying to put a gag on her, - accidentally choked her to death.
That perfectly holds my sniper rifle and 245, and a gag for irritating talkative little girls like you.
Go get the chains and the orange gag balls.
Chigs'll pull any gag to flush us into the open.
And by the way, Kane hasn't given us the time of day in nearly two weeks, except to essentially put a gag in Ben's mouth at the O'Hare ceremony.
You two ok? He tries that again, I will spit this gag out.
And then they put the braids in my mouth... and tied them around my neck to make a gag.
[ Indistinct ] Now, I'm going to remove this gag... in a spirit of friendship and cooperation.
You did the toy-boy gag last week and it didn't work then.
When I read it, I thought it was a gag.
The gag is I know who bought the costumes.
Well, I'm here to tell you that the gag is we're curing everybody in this hospital.
We pulled the same gag on her last year in Moscow.
Nothing cracks him up more than the block-the-door-with-my-foot gag.
Hey, that's my friend. And I told her you're not blind, so don't do the "I'm just shaking your hands" gag.
You've had about 200years to come up with a better gag,and that's it.
The football team gag, the ecology crap, the divorce...
Maybe this is just a gag like those school fraternities were throwing last year.
I just have to run home real quick and hit save on the Madden game I was playing because Blake Bortles has, like, 300 yards passing in the first half...
Techno news. The new sensation sweeping the solar system is the total immersion video game Better Than Life.
It says there's this video game that kids are getting obsessed with.
Interactive Old West-themed VCR game from the '90s.
"Hunting is as much a game as stud poker... only the limits are higher."
‘lost in …’ is an interactive lan-guage-learning computer game for players who understand German or English and want to learn Czech, Danish, Dutch or Polish.
You wouldn't want to see the game end too soon, monsieur.
Safety is not all down to your employer and work is not a game.
You thought of this game, and you deserve to get rich from it.
Football is the people’s game and football superstars are famous all over the world.
I had to show those punks how great the game can be when it's great.
Here is what men call so lightly the game of chance
It's a game that has been enjoyed for centuries by kings and commoners,
No, A mathematical game played on a field of two perfect squares, using three perfect spheres and a lot of diamonds,
You've guts and did an experiment to be a superman, right?
You have one bullet, so do I. See who has the guts to fire.
I can whip him without a reason, because I've got the guts.
Either she hated my guts and wanted to get rid of me, or she really liked me and wanted to get rid of me.
If he had guts to knock Mom cold once... then maybe she'd be happy and she'd stop picking on him.
Umm, you know, Trent, it takes a lot of guts to go after a dream, especially when you know that failure can mean spending the rest of your life playing "L.A. Woman"... in public.
Don't cry. He just learned some women have guts.
And the trouble with you is that you've lost your guts. Come on, boys.
Your lass has got guts, I'll grant you that.
Every inmate, every officer either hates your guts or their terrified of you, or both.
What about the shirt with the bug guts on it?
SO GRAB HOLD OF YOUR GUTS, KIDDIES, 'CAUSE TONIGHT YOU GET TO RUB ELBOWS WITH THE VENTRILOQUIST'S DUMMY.
That movie about those gigantic wolves that come out at night, and they eat people and, like, rip their guts open.
Mike eats fish guts, but Mike eats things that just aren't necessary.
Or I'll make you eat your ear. Finally, I'll take out your guts before you die.
.Another couple of months, you'll be .coughing your guts up with the rest of us.
Then you also believe that I won't hesitate to splatter your guts all over these cobblestones unless you do exactly as I say.
I think my half - Whitelighter baby thought that fireworks would be prettier than demon guts.
When I tutor him, I imagine ripping his guts out and letting it rot.
I am making a stun potion so that I can maybe have a date that doesn't end with, "Nate, you gotta leave. I have to clean some demon guts off the ceiling."
Quick, Eddie, put your fingerprints all over this hammer.
When Thor hurled the hammer, it was said to produce thunder and lightning.
I light the cord, and when it reaches here, the hammer falls and - bingo!
Thor has abandoned us to the Etins because they destroyed Thor's hammer!
They didn't like this very much, so they got a hammer. They held him down, and they smashed every single one of his fingers.
Or I'll take a hammer and smash that car to pieces, and probably someone's head too.
We had no choice but to destroy the hammer to free our friend.
Bent as the Soviet sickle and hard as the hammer that crosses it.
If I let go of a hammer on a planet that has a positive gravity, I need not see it fall to know that it has, in fact, fallen.
Folks, this hammer can break four of these roofing tiles.
When you can balance a tack hammer on your head you will head off your foes with a balanced attack.
All they found of him was a muddy set of prison clothes, a bar of soap and an old rock hammer damn near worn down to the nub.
If there's trouble, I won't use the rock hammer.
All they found was a muddy set of prison clothes a bar of soap and an old rock hammer damn near worn down to the nub.
We have to make trophies... one pants and one pumps trophy... so we're gonna take a little hammer and a little shoe and I'ma spray it gold...
Because I'm a car repairer, it's all right for me to have a hammer.
The box with the hammer, the small piece of leather blue and white strips.
- 7:00 a.m. All right, here's your hammer, here's your walkie, and here's your stud-finder.
'Cause I could really use that magic hammer in the bedroom.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, it's a reflex hammer, right?
Women, the mouths of these women are smoother than oil, but the head is bitter as wormwood.
At his chateau of Ste-Sévère, on the borders of La Marche and Berri the Chevalier Hubert, head of the Mauprat family, leads a tranquil life.
For the man... that his head be smitten from his body, and his body be dismembered... and his quarters hung up on the highway, to the admonition of all traitors.
If that's his head, he's making a mistake, not me.
If the eyes fill with blood, it's a sign... the head's broken.
But observe care that head shall not be higher than mine.
While my head chats with you, my hands are doing the housework
Oh, let me think on Hastings... and be gone to Richmond while my fearful head is on.
Sometimes I try to think about it. I don't know. My head hurts.
As Walter Payton described her, the head upon which all the ends of the world are common.
Ah, Mr Kovak, welcome. I'm Peter Jacobs, head of Public Relations.
I, Ng Kwok-Wah, from Haifeng, Guangzhou, currently head of Wo Lok Tong.
The three main players involved in taking decisions in schools are the head, the school board or council (i.e. the management body inside the school) and teachers themselves, and they may do so in any possible combination.
This contract takes the form of a statement of the complete range of duties and objectives which the school head must carry out.
"Foul play is ruled out," the new head of security declared.
I hope that the eœ mentioned that the head of this company is known for his blefowania.
The Councilalso elects its own Executive Board, chaired by the principal or head teacher.
Probably Dukat's most powerful enemy is Gul Trepar the head of the Fourth Order.
In practice,much of the day-to-day management of a school isdelegated by the governing body to the head teacher.
In most education systems in Europe, the criteria and methods for assessing pupils in the area of citizenship are fixed at school level by the teachers (or school head).
A three-run homer for Miles Dalrymple and the A's take a 3-1 lead.
A homer would win the game, wouldn't it?
So, if a homer and a grounder means the same thing to you, your nerves won't get to you.
Kirk Gibson hobbling up to the plate and hitting a homer off of Dennis Eckersley.
Every time a Sentinels player hit a homer, every single person in that stadium stood and cheered.
Her father drilled wells, and she once owned a cat named Homer.
I suggested the wooden horse, he... he said that was something Homer made up.
Homer described the Chimera as an immortal beast, with a lion-like head, a snake tail and a third goat in the middle that snored bright fire.
Homer lived ages ago and wrote about heroes and gods.
Let us just say for the moment... that I'm your host and that I will do everything in my power... to make your stay here at Mondschien Castle as pleasant as possible.
I'm told I've been an inattentive host, gentlemen.
Uh... well, seems like a host's work is never done. - [Laughing]
You've discovered everything except who is now the host.
I'm not sure what he brings as a host, how he'll advance the symbiont.
It's his duty as a host to introduce himself to me.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is your host speaking.
You wouldn't believe the fantasies my host has about you, Mary.
If they break no laws of courtesy as guests, I'll break none as host.
Sometimes the host is sacrificed to save the symbiont.
Jim O'Bannon, host of The O'Bannon files, a sometimes controversial news and opinion show viewed by millions, was found dead just minutes ago outside a downtown restaurant.
I think you'll be the first TV host sued by a dead guy.
Beloved television host Emmet Cole has been reported missing.
I'm Duncan Ellsworth, your classical music host, and I've got major key news for you... a contest, ladies ard gentlemer.
You can't walk into a building and say, "I want to be a talk show host."
CNN host and author of The Post-American World, Fareed Zakaria, and many other giants of business, politics and media.
I made that up myself because that host was such a jerk
Anyway, the host of "family feud" asked me over to his house to audition for one of the roles on the show.
Talk show host Dr. RJ Stevens has popped the question to Bianca Kittles, recent winner of Survivor:
you see,the amazing thing,i'm-- you're such a great host and you're not asking the question that i'm sure everybody wants to hear and that question is do you regret your decision in throwing a challenge
And what of the english, whose territorial ambitions had once extended no further than France and whose one big economic idea had been to sell wool to the italians?
It issued opinions on new and ongoing reduction initiatives and launched a competition to find the best idea for reducing the administrative burden.
I don't like the idea of a gentleman of your inexperience... leaving with only ten cents in his pockets, so I took the extreme liberty, sir, of having a studio identification card... sewed into the sole of each of your boots.
She realised that similar business models already existed in western countries and decided to develop this idea in Czech and Slovak Republics.
- What's the idea, riding into the yard?
I don’t know if that was the best idea … She could press charges against you.
Say, wouldn't it be a good idea to put it back in there where it'll be safe until daylight?
But you must be able to protect your innovation so that everyone knows it was your bright idea.
You know, I been sitting there looking at that hotel and I got me an idea.
He came up with the idea of labelling fish individually.
Do we have any idea where the shipment's supposed to land?
Mr. Templeton, do you have any idea how many people listen to my brother every week?
Yeah, you got the wrong idea, Tom.
Well, Max has a pretty good idea who did it.
Your parents were extremely thrifty and with your mom's share, your dad's life insurance there's enough for you and Rhett for the rest of your lives.
Good risks and bad risks that's insurance for you
No suicide stigma and better chances of collecting any life insurance.
This was my insurance, in case anything went wrong.
Well, the insurance and bank accounts were closed after his death was reported.
And while some of that amount might be covered by whatever insurance you hold, you would be liable for the rest under standard Earthforce indemnification clauses.
No, it's more a case of making sure... that some of the items are in the same condition as... when the insurance was taken out.
You should've said the insurance will cover it and hurry back.
Life insurance, and the client is too busy to be involved?
Unfortunately, my car insurance costs more than my heart.
I think that's enough insurance for one evening, Mr. Neff. Plenty.
One year after its introduction on 1 June 2004, the European health insurance card (2) was being carried by more than 30 million people in the European Union.
Well, the way the men see it, the company ought to pay for the medical bills when any guy gets hurt, and set up some kind of an insurance plan - for the family.
Pilot project — Facilitating access to insurance by selfemployed builders and small building firms so as to stimulate innovation and the promotion of eco-technologies in the European Union
There's 500,000 fire insurance... and 400,000 against burglary.
You will need the following forms which areissued by the sickness insurance institution with which you are insured:
I'd like to talk to you about your insurance.
What portion of the price is covered by your health insurance depends on the category to which the specific drug belongs (A, B, C, Cs, Cx or dispenser’s preparation).
Look, there's Wally Eberhard... talking somebody into buying some insurance.
Sickness and maternity insurance is administered by the following institutions:
Her father's hiding in the dark Criminal or lover of justice
In various activity statements the Commission notesthat progress in the justice, freedom and security areainthe western Balkans has been made, asjudges and prosecutors havereceivedtrainingand policeand prosecutors haveimproved cooperation.
Then the justice in fair round belly with good capon lined with eyes severe and beard of formal cut.
I'm a justice of the peace, here to preside over the ceremony.
And it is your job, your mission, to meet out to justice.
USE jurisdiction (1226) justice of the peace legal liability
But first, we'll stop and wake up the Justice of the Peace that lives on the way and see if we can get him to marry us.
Anyway, we have a Justice of the Peace, not only a priest.
The king's justice was with me when I dug him up.
Journalist "is this strictly relevant?" Quizzed learned lovely, justice maltravers.
And we will win because God and justice are on our side.
This occurs more regularly before the Committee on Foreign Affairs, its Subcommittees on Security and Defence and Human Rights, and the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs.
Love will flower among people and justice will reign.
Employment – Within the framework of the International Labour Organisation, the EU must cooperate to promote decent working conditions in the highly globalised sectors of transport, shipbuilding and fisheries, with a view to guaranteeing social justice and fair competition between global operators.
I'm not an outlaw. I came here of my own free will to see justice done.
The Lisbon Treaty clearly sets out the European Union’s aims and values of peace, democracy, respect for human rights, justice, equality, rule of law and sustainability.
It would be strange justice if only the middle-aged were to get the disease.
EU’s Social Policy Agenda seeks to promote and disseminate, also beyond the borders of the EU, its values and experience of a model of development combining economic growth and social justice.
Since then, I've learned that Nishi has a rare sense of justice.
Was it justice, or was it charity that gave me my orders when I put him to death on the cross?
The law would never mark out a Jew as a dope dealer neither.
As regards the political situation and the state of democracy and rule of law in Serbia and Montenegro, constitutional and legal certainty has remained precarious.
You better show a little respect for the law.
Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law.
I'm law enough to get you out of here.
So it's the ideal place to go if you're being looked for by the law.
The severity of the assault, no less than it was directed at officers of the law, leaves me with no option, maximum sentence.
Once a law man also, but now only a sawbones.
Law can't get them to talk, I know some folks damn well can.
So, every town you roll into, every time you set up shop, the law's going to be looking over your shoulder, chasing away the babes.
"The law must always save its face in front of the natives."
Instead, it only addresses discriminations by the institutions and bodies of the Union themselves, when exercising powers conferred under the Treaties, and by Member States only when they are implementing Union law.
Whether you want to or not, that's the law.
A European law of the European Parliament shall lay down the regulations and general conditions governing the performance of the duties of its Members.
What law we've tried has failed... because the men behind it hadn't the brains and courage to back it up.
The Staff Regulations of officials and the Conditions of employment of other servants of the Union shall be laid down by a European law.
I can only add that it's the public's misfortune that the law under which you were convicted doesn't carry a heavier penalty.
If, subsequent to the commission of a criminal offence, the law provides for a lighter penalty, that penalty shall be applicable.
Days went by ... but it could not have been predicted ... that the law would arrive earlier ... than in a few weeks.
Maybe there's a universal law that says, " Stay put.
As regards regional issues, the Turkish government has stated on several occasions that it remains committed to a comprehensive settlement of the Cyprus problem in line with the plan presented by the UN Secretary General.
Listen, Peter, somewhere along the line, you got turned around.
) codifying regulation of the operation of aeroplanes in line with international rules.
If you throw up, you throw up, you get back on the line. Mmm!
(Continued from page 1) produced results in line with the direction envisaged and supported by the Committee in its opinions.
It was a line from a 1932 graduate dissertation by a cosmologist named Pierre Brajeux.
Get your men back in line, drop the petitions, the strike threats, the defaming of Klein.
A fine line, maybe but I also built that library and used it to help guys get their high school diploma.
Why me? Your station could afford a chorus line of silks.
The bisector of a vertex is the line that divides the angle at that vertex into two equal parts.
Read off the partial exposures where the line crosses the central scale.
The path to success is not a straight line, Templeton... but rather a wild ride... like a ship at sea.
But, in fact, the cube, the line is fixed.
- [line trilling] - [gun shot]
In one physical model of the universe, the shortest distance between two points is a straight line in the opposite direction.
Of course it can't when your silly son wrecked the machine.
OK, I packed everything, to get some snacks, do not forget Jason's recipe, dog, machine rate, I called neighbors
Laying it down. This is gonna be a pretty quick time for such a big machine.
Such great gas mileage for, you know, a can-do machine.
Oh how the machine is lovely When a man takes it in hand
The same paper and the machine that makes that high
The rider should understand that brakes should only be used while the machine is upright and then when in a turn speed should be adjusted with the throttle and engine braking.
Consciously it lacked the power to operate the great machine.. .
Before venturing onto the road the instructor must verify that the rider and the machine complies with all legal requirements.
This flying machine will take him over mountains and oceans.
The instructor must ensure that the rider understands the importance of the passenger not making movements that will effect the direction and stability of the machine when it is moving.
Oh, well, of course, if he's going to be too much for you, why don't you hang him... and hide his machine before the others are after you?
Figure 6.3 illustrates an example of the typical noise emission distribution determined for a specic machine.
Yes, I know times have changed, but this is a floating IBM machine.
The catalogue of health and safety failings included her supervisor not being aware that she was using the machine until the accident happened.
That magazine holds 13 ammo of 9 mm, eh?
Joseph fired six shots when he was practising, a full magazine.
You couldn't hit a man 3 feet in front of you with a full magazine.
I didn't believe them, but emptied a magazine down the creek.
Before you arrived, I went down to the basement, and switched the magazine in that gun with an empty one.
It can be held with one hand by a lone driver, it has a large magazine, and in the hands of a marksman, it's quite accurate at close range.
The fucking camera is this big, and on the top of it, it looks like a film magazine.
If contestant No. 2 empties the magazine and terminates the exchange student she'll move on to the next round.
5 joined in and fired a magazine under a little bridge and we cleaned the area and found the shooter Ian mentioned.
-Changed the grip - Extended the magazine - Loosened the trigger mechanism
The torture's almost over, but then I have to take some more scenery for the magazine.
These include a magazine, leaet and website (www.leaderplus.org.pl) from where a database of all the beneciaries of Scheme I is available.
They wrote it in the health Magazine that the nervous cells are never restored.
Fisheries and aquaculture in Europe is a magazine published by the Directorate-General for Fisheries and Maritime Affairs of the European Commission.
- I go for a magazine and it isn't there.
Inforegio Panorama, the ‘magazine of regional development actors’, now consists of 28 pages, including a thematic dossier in 19 languages.
Close the Feminist Drama Centre, the council's weekly newspaper and magazine and the Welfare Rights Research Department.
Fisheries and aquaculture in Europeis a magazine published by the Directorate-General for Fisheries and Maritime Affairs of the European Commission.
When I first got out of Smith I worked in the art department of Mademoiselle magazine for years.
They should give you intravenous feedings... of People magazine and National Enquirer headlines.
The best medicine for that is to have some enjoyment... with a lower class woman, like your mother.
This mightlook like bitter medicine toswallow, butthere is more toit.
It seems I'm his medicine, so we're off to give him another spoonful.
GHB occurs naturally in the human body, but is also used as a medicine and as a recreational drug.
Hamlet, thou art slain. No medicine in the world can do thee good.
These include pregabalin, a prescription medicine marketed under the name Lyrica and used to treat neuropathic pain, epilepsy and generalised anxiety disorder.
Did you know that humans have been making butter for at least 5000 years and that the Romans also used to use it as a form of medicine?
Ivan Alexeyevich, will you please prepare the medicine for me?
He's got another one. It's medicine. I gotta take it for my stomach.
You will take us there now, or give us a shuttle, but we must have the medicine.
These men have been instrumental in solving some of the greatest problems in aviation medicine.
doses, kratom has opioid-like effects, and has been used in traditional medicine to treat pain and opioid withdrawal.
This may not be good medicine, but for Worf, it may be his only choice.
Ethical Review in FP6 medicine, molecular biology and veterinary science.Each panel should ensure a parity of scientific andnon scientific members, as well as a gender andgeographical balance.
But it just so happens that in this case, traditional medicine has a solution.
The information referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2 shall mainly concern studies for the development of a power reactor and work on radioisotopes and their application in medicine, including the problems of radiation protection.
I know, why traditional chinese medicine cured with ivory copies of its patients.
Having blended education, research and international interaction for hundreds of years, the university has excelled over the last century particularly in research, gaining international recognition and hosting Nobel prize winners in chemistry and medicine.
Before antiseptics, there was no sanitation, especially in medicine.
Arts, pharmacy, dental studies, veterinary medicine, agriculture ptychio*metaptychiako diploma eidikefsis didaktoriko diploma
I specifically told you the smoker demons would make their move when mercury was in retrograde.
Because mercury is in retrograde, and that is when they surface.
This ice floe might give us the first meteorite from the planet Mercury.
Mercury in the second house... moon gone... six - disaster...
It was pulverized concrete, glass, metals, containing lead, mercury, dioxins, benzene, and, of course, asbestos
We're heading into a rare planetary alignment... Where mercury, mars and uranus are extreme influences.
To help cope with the growing problems presented by this type of waste, the EU strengthened its legislation to restrict the use of hazardous substances in electrical and electronic equipment and to ban outright the use of the most dangerous ones like lead or mercury.
So I found something very odd that was on the victim: mercury fulminate.
Substances range from some of the most recently launched compounds to what project managers refer to ironically as ‘old friends’, mercury and cadmium, and it is EU regional funding which is making this vital surveillance possible.
Developers don't care about mercury in the groundwater.
Member States shall ensure that, from 1 July 2006, new electrical and electronic equipment put on the market does not contain lead, mercury, cadmium, hexavalent chromium, [PBB] or [PBDE].
If you want to save lives, tell them you've got the mercury.
Work progressed on recasts of the waste electric and electronic equipment directive (35) and the directive to restrict hazardous substances (36) — such as lead, mercury or cadmium — in such equipment.
Our interest makes it seem like he can make the red mercury.
If I get a craving for mercury, I'll eat a thermometer.
Ringing to check you've got the mercury at the agreed time.
Her nose, mouth, chin, and forehead bore the nobility of a province she personified as a child in a religious celebration.
I also have a mouth under my nose, even if it only eats government bread.
I've got a mechanism for seeing called eyes, for hearing called ears, for speaking called a mouth.
If you touch me, your fingers will fall off and your mouth will be a hole without lips.
You keep quiet all your life, and the only time you open your mouth is when you're dyin'.
A rash may appear, the mouth and throat both become extremely dry.
If you say that once more, I shall wash your mouth out with soap.
We are masters of the capital of the largest country in the world, not a single civilian mouth to feed and I get these reports!
For centuries year in year the old man's senile mouth put down maidenly destiny on the Ivan Kupala night...
I loathe when you're helpless, your mouth full of instruments, and they answer the telephone.
Secretary, the USS St. Harper will be within firing range of the river mouth in 36 minutes!
Another operation currently under way — the import of millions of tonnes of sand to lay out a 2 km long beach south of the new river mouth — is a further example of the desire of the port authorities to create sustainable infrastructure that respects the environment.
Protecting the mouth of Chameleon Bay, led by Hakoda.
This super-heated matter spins around the mouth of the black hole, and great jets of radiation fire from the core.
The Danube flows over thousands of kilometres from its source high up in the Black Forest to its mouth in the vast delta plains along the Black Sea.
* From the mouth of the river Up to its head * Boatmen and travelers Was filled with dread * 'Cause redskin pirates Was raising' old Ned
And about a half mile west Of the mouth of a valley.
Inside at least I was out of the snow and I guess I drifted off when I woke up it was dark it was still snowing hard and I heard a noise at the mouth of the cave like a bear
For ten hours a night, up to 280 times an hour, for 180 days of the year, at the mouth of the Catatumbo River in Venezuela.
They'll be the size of a horse by the time they reach the mouth of the river. Eight hours after that, a rhinoceros. Four hours later, an elephant.
Tom says he can't put up with this noise any longer.
You told us you were knocking at the door, And you heard someone running. It was not a noise from a fight.
Noise is an unwanted sound; its intensity (‘loudness’) is measured in decibels (dB).
She says her child's asleep, so don't make any noise.
– Investments to achieve compliance with EU laws on air quality, waste-water treatment, waste management, water supply and environmental noise.
Did you notice that, er, it didn't do anything until you made a noise?
Noise is being recognised as a problem in service sectors such as education and healthcare, bars and restaurants.
Turn that man loose, and don't make any noise.
This aspect is fundamental since noise is a risk which progressively harms the health of the exposed workers.
As far as noise from machinery is concerned B-standards describe the basic measurement without providing any information about the specific operating, mounting and installation conditions for the respective machines.
Fail me, and I will delete you like so much digital noise.
In addition, echo cancellation and background noise and reverberation must be reduced as much as possible.
Each participant who looked at the white noise saw it as completely random and meaningless.
Short bursts of static, like screeching white noise.
We had really measured the background temperature, the remnant noise from the creation of the Universe.
Even if I can create some static, the noise should give the James a bearing.
It's that little noise right before "yes."
Wonderful. [muffled background noise, voices] [ominous music] [muffled P.A. announcement]
Our job was to create the noise that fascinated them.
- It's emitting radio signals but it's just random noise, sir.
I spoke to Ray about an hour ago, the note's ready.
Yeah, I have in my possession a very rare and extraordinarily pornographic £27 note, which may be of interest to a man in your position.
It's a $1,000 treasury note issued in 1866.
Pete, if there was a £50 note in the garden, would you go and get it?
Only thing is... ink tests show that the note was written two years ago, not last week.
NOTE In one case, the same inquiry concerned two institutions.
Mental note. The Boat could be a very cool new nickname.
It took note of the many problems encountered in this field and of the importance of the sport in Europe and certain third countries.
After the note was sent yesterday, I was confident that we will find the source in this issue.
The explanatory note to that decree indicates, in that regard, that the prohibition on tethering individually penned calves applies to ‘all categories of calves’.
"The Book of G'Quan" is copied by hand from the original with every note and line precisely drawn.
Note: The error rates are calculated based on a representative statistical sample drawn from interim and final payments 2009 (23 billion euro) with a 95 % confidence level.
Krausmeyr, one sour note out of you tonight and back you go shoeing horses.
14, note 4, and H3G’s written observations, paragraphs 5 and 6.
You know, I've touched boob, and you've grazed nut.
Hey, 1 00 grand and my left nut says the only thing you catch out there is a cold.
I would give my left nut for those photos, Don, OK?
Yeah, well, right now I'd rather cut off a nut.
And I looked down and my left nut is the size of an Easter egg.
Oh, well, you look like my left nut.
I can't believe they haven't stormed the building and strung you all up by the nut.
Listen, man, kid that I pulled out of the academy and assigned to intelligence, a unit that any young cop would give his right nut to be a part of, needs to figure out his priorities.
That's right, sweet cheeks. By the time y'all walk away from this... your faces are gonna be shrunken and shriveled... just like your one nut.
Now his ego's smaller than a pixie's right nut after an icy bath.
If I told you about my dating life in a nutshell, it would be a sad little nut.
I guess even a blind squirrel can find a nut every once in a while.
And the detail is beyond obsessive, every single nut and bolt is made from titanium.
The terra nut is firmly entrenched up your right sleeve.
Alison was a tough nut until I dangled Brent in front of you.
you know, even a blind squirrel can find a nut, or is it monkeys and banas?
I'd give my left nut for a piece of cheesecake.
This is a tough nut, but I want to prove Sergeant Batista wrong.
Sroy, take this betel nut and give it to that steward.
I'm squirrel with a nut, trying not to knock you,Kate.
(LAUGHS) Freeman, on the other hand, is looking at a Federal offence.
The keepers and wardens have been instructed to report any violations of this decree to their superiors forthwith and to ensure that any offence against the laws of the forest be punished severely, in accordance with the edicts of the state...
Smuggling drugs into this country is a serious offence, my friend!
Is it all right if I blow my nose, or is that another offence?
Yeah, it's an offence, isn't it, involving unjustifiable interference?
By 1424, wood was scarce enough that the Scottish Parliament made stealing wood three times a capital offence.
"Who wants to mete out punishment judiciously, he won't take revenge for a past offence.
And where tis so, the offender's scourge is weigh'd, but never the offence.
Stephen Cartwright, I suspect you might have been suffering from some sort of mental illness when you committed this offence, but you refused to acknowledge it or have yourself medically examined.
I'm sure where you come from, treason is also considered a very serious offence.
Offence runs games and the defence runs championships, am I right?
Jarrett has completed an astounding 62% of his passes for 18 touchdowns. The defence has given up but 10 points a game, while the offence scores 21 points a game.
Offence, defence, spirit of achievement, teamwork.
Offence, defence, spirit of achievement, teamwork.
Now, perhaps this is your idea of playful hi jinks, but in my books and in the books of the gentlemen in uniform here, this is an egregious and punishable offence.
Let me inform you that withholding knowledge of the whereabouts of a known fugitive is a federal offense.
Moreover, the evidence taken before me in this case would not, in my judgment... warrant a conviction of the defendants by trial of jury... of any offense whatever.
Supplying false information on a national park register is a federal offense, which you've committed at every national park from Acadia to Zion.
Police could start kicking over cans, and you go down for obstruction of justice and murder, which is a capital offense.
I hope you know that obstructing justice is a felony offense.
My spouse was arrested and incinerated for sense offense four years ago, sir.
Title 18, section 2511 of the U.S. code -- wire tapping is a federal offense punishable by incarceration.
As I'm sure you're aware, sir, conspiracy to commit perjury is a felony offense.
I was born in Clifton, NewJersey... which was not at that time a federal offense.
No, but "creepy", "trespassing", and "federal offense" do.
Northern Tech has the highest scoring offense in the nation and I don't want those pricks near our end zone!
It is a former prison. This is his second offense.
He's already mastered their offense, which is extremely complicated.
And yes, Gilday can be a selfish prick, but he knows how to run an offense.
You'll do 2 or 3 years in prison maximum,... for the offense and your honour will be regained.
We've worked too hard to have anyone coming in now, disrupting the offense, taking away shots.
That's possible, but my offense was greater.
Sounds more like a no-dessert offense, isn't it?
Your game has to switch from defense to offense... because sooner or later, Lana will ask all the wrong people... all the right questions.
Seven seconds. This is the last play of the game for the Dillon offense.
I've always admired men who are precise... who have a sense of order and discipline.
The ESS underlines the need to build security in our neighbourhood and to promote an international order based on effective multilateralism. The
The text of the communiqué that has been published regarding the kidnappings, constitutes on the part of the authors of those crimes a new blow to the established order, aggravated by an extortion attempt on the legitimate power.
Similar reforms were introduced by the Education Reform (Northern Ireland) Order 1989.
My friend, it is not an arduous task that I bequeath for our order knows only silken bonds.
Here I pride myself on my sense of logic and order... and inside I'm a savage.
If there is anyone, despite what Jurand said who dares to suspect the Order of kidnapping his daughter let him take up this knightly gage and venture on the wager of God's judgement
In fact, that type of sale is in accordance with national law when it is ensured that the order was made by an adult and that delivery of the goods concerned to children or adolescents is prevented by effective means.
How about the case of the Benedictine monk who quit his order for the love of a young widow?
These include areas such as climate change, a new world economic order, security and energy supply.
We rarely sleep together any more, and when we do it's by the book. It's the same routine. I know what you're going to do and in what order.
In this context we also must develop a coherent and eff ec-tive foreign policy which includes a vision of the global order and partnership.The European Union stands for human rights and minority rights.
It's actually a pictorial representation of the order of Martha's mind.
These numerals indicate the order in which the specific mandatory foreign languages have to be learnt
People from different cultures see the same things in the same order.
The application form should be edited in a logical and chronological order so that it is easy to read and understand.
Now all you'll share is my crew 312 of them in random order.
The replacement Judge shall be designated by turn according to the order of precedence referred to in Article 5, with the exception, if possible, of the President of the Tribunal and of the Presidents of Chambers.
Now, these mice are so arranged upon this rack... that when played in the correct order... they will squeak...
We can’t possibly include them all in this book, so here are just 40 morenames, in alphabetical order and from various European countries, with photos of some of them.
It's like a Turner painting, all this steam, speed and fire.
For painting requires a certain blindness. A partial refusal to be aware of all the options.
We want you, as our top painting bard, to leave the trenches...
I want to tell you that I've earned my living honestly, working as an ironsmith, doing curtains, painting, plastering, even as a bricklayer.
I'm an art, painting, music and volume control manager. - Yeah.
Talnoks could not forget the painting that the antique dealer had shown him
In recent years, MEPs have made use of their powers to expand programmes promoting European cultural diversity, which aim to encourage the distribution of artistic and cultural works and products in areas such as cinema, music, painting, photography and theatre.
Only last week, Gladys recalled the day this painting was finished.
In recent years MEPs have made use of their powers to expand programmes promoting European cultural diversity and to encourage the distribution of artistic and cultural products and works in areas such as cinema, music, painting, photography and theatre.
He longed for the unstained purity of his youth... before he had prayed in a monstrous moment of pride and passion... that the painting should bear the burden of the years and of his corruption.
In recent years MEPs have made use of their powers to expand programmes promoting European cultural diversity and to encourage the distribution of artistic and cultural products and works in areas such as cinema, music, painting, photography and theatre.
I'll try to describe you as if you were a photograph... or a painting.
Every painting, if it's any good, is a love affair.
Before I go, I'd like to look at the painting I did of you.
Vincent, you don't know how lucky you are... to have done one painting like that cypress in there... or those sunflowers that your brother showed me.
Now obviously this would never happen, but if I wanted to move a couple of head of cattle or a parcel of guns late at night,
Once you’ve found out all there is to know about his work, will you teach me a little more about him? … A little bird told me that a big parcel is on the way for you … Great news, isn’t it?
The parcel that I gave you did the station master accept it?
When you get the receipt, go get the parcel.
"He carried a big bag on his back, a parcel under his arm and held a torch in his hand."
He has this parcel, and he wants to know is first-class post 100% reliable.
This parcel is actually pretty small, but we're purchasing the one next to it.
But, still, I can't help but wonder... this parcel...
So, the little boy picked up the big parcel and left the little gift under the tree.
Not known to us but recently acknowledged by locals as a casual supplier. Weed only usually, but in this case, he pilfered an unregistered parcel on his round that - Bingo!
My father says $90 million is not a rational number for that parcel.
By identifying agricultural parcels, the GIS was designed to make it possible to carry out cross-checks when carrying out administrative checks on the aid applications, for the purpose of identifying and eliminating overlap between parcels and preventing aid being granted more than once for the same parcel.
Well, she jut dropped the bomb that, in exchange for her services, she's instituting a one percent parcel tax on the entire neighborhood.
J.R. got the parcel that belonged to your dad, which was rich in oil.
I propose to sell you the parcel along the northern route at half-price.
The Indian line property owned by Helen and Arlo Givens is the last parcel.
A pious, strong, and faithful patron who came from nothing... he left 30 million sesterces and never listened to a philosopher."
And I'm, you know, a patron of the arts, and diseases and cures and stuff.
She's the national football manager, UNESCO Ambassador, a model, pop star, charity patron, MP...
I know, because you are the patron Saint of lost causes.
President of Hensley Financial Services since 1992, married to Christine since 1976... two adult children, three grandchildren, patron of the arts.
And the only person who buys my art is my rich patron of a mistress.
That was a devoted patron and a great friend of our house.
Dominated in the year 1469 by one man who was a prince... a poet, a patron of the arts:
I had to promise to be a patron, but it seemed a small price to pay.
So this art patron stole the videos and the baseball cards?
Just killing time, waiting for my one and only patron.
Um, I don't know if this is weird or- 'cause I'm a patron,
If the patron says "Change," you're not his type.
There's only one patron at the bar, and he doesn't notice you.
To start a debate over how many Wayists can dance on the end of a pike.
Sight of their leader" heads upon pike has broken fucking spirit.
All their fucking heads should be set upon pike.
And as Sir Archie took another step, the pike plunged into Elsalill's heart.
Father left the head of my horse on a pike in the town square.
Magister Corvus, you are very close to finding yourself at the end of a big pike.
She used to come to the restaurant with some friends and I wanted to immediately jab her on my pike, but the time wasn't right since she was just splitting with her guy.
Would that the Thracian's head upon pike bore witness to such laurels.
Yes, a Bastille commander's head carried through the streets on a pike.
How many people in this city alone would love to see his head on a pike?
Is the fish you're after pike or perch?
The other species are very diverse: rainbowtrout, catfishes, eel, and pike.
We were doing fine until we got in deep water and along comes this huge pike with big jaws and sharp jagged teeth.
Carp isthe main species caught: it accounts for 80% of totalcatches, with the remaining 20% being made up ofbream, pike, zander and grass carp.
So what are the chances of the pike monster swimming to the surface and biting Rikard's nose while he's catching crawfish with his grandpa?
Then they threw me in the water, so the old pike would eat me, too.
I've thought about what the pike feels when I pull it out of the water.
Iron Hans is a giant old pike, that lives in the swamp.
I came down on the fastest plane I could get.
The plane taking Tom and Lila home to Merlin City was turning in a wide circle as it left Blue Island.
As soon as the plane leaves, my husband and Mr. Leonard will be back.
The fastest ever passenger plane, the Concorde, was designed by a team of French and British engineers.
If the plane isn't still there, we'll have time to get back to you.
Di erent European countries make di erent parts of an Airbus, and then a team of engineers puts the whole plane together.
At least a portion of the force was left when they contacted our supply plane.
The plane should arrive in Benedict around 1:30.
My mother and I just came from taking him to the plane.
Oh, I telephoned them before, it's... They said they'll send a plane for me.
[Airline crash - no survivals] The plane that has been located in the US is currently under investigation.
This plane's gonna run out of fuel soon.
They're not taking this literally, its not that they think that they go five thousand feet up in the air, so to speak but they think that there are certain planes which become more and more abstract such things as the plane of infinity of space
The central plane is medial parallel with it is the sagital.
Our connection to what you call a higher plane is more important than our attachment to this brief existence, however real it may seem.
What do you think our odds that this plane's ever gonna take off?
Uh, we have this plane circling over the North Sea...
Ancient astronaut theorists suggest that in many ways, the concept of Dreamtime mirrors the ancient Hindu idea of the Akashic record... a collection of past, present, and future knowledge believed to be encoded in a non-physical existence known as the astral plane.
Galactic Cluster 3 is a transmaterial energy plane intersecting 22 billion omnicordial life-forms.
Got a partial plate called in on a blue Toyota heading east toward the reservoir.
OK, I've put her number into plate recognition, it'll give us a heads up where she is.
But you knew Enough when you heard about the shooting To make that plate match
In one them, it's leaving the Bishop's Palace with two eights on its plate.
DMV had only three matches to the partial plate, but one of them was in the Mad-10" neighborhood.
We ran a plate on a car parked at Veronica Allen's home last night.
So, this is a list of possibles for that partial plate on the Montgomery case.
I have a friend from law school who works in the D.A.'s office, and he's gonna run the plate and call me when he gets a hit.
If you could fill out your name, your home address and your license plate number, please.
- I have a plate. I intend to keep it.
I think he looks like a bird who's swallowed a plate, my lord.
Therefore, if we were to eat a plate of spaghetti with tomato sauce, a sausage ...
Try Mrs. Moncaster in there... the lady with the feathers, eating the plate of tripe.
And one steamed vegetable plate, no salt, no oil, no butter.
Arrange the apple candleholders in a circle on a plate or cutting board, and place on the table.
Mrs. Baker told me to bring you a plate.
That, and one plate of beans: $10 a day.
Must be 20,000 sheep out there on those volcanoes, and we got a plate full of carrots.
Take the plate to the kitchen and disarm the fricassee.
Just to calm all people present, the plot will be very realistic
I think all the greatest stories ever written are about love no matter what plot they're wrapped in.
Okay, that's just the plot for Dirty Dancing.
Foreshadowing is a dramatic device in which an important plot point is mentioned earlier in the story to return later in a more significant way
"to Castle Dracula and increase the plot of this film."
He's literally reciting the plot to "The Notebook."
But they stretched out the plot and added a wildebeest from the hood.
My guess is a bunch of ridiculous plot turns done by overwrought actors who are impossibly good-looking.
That creep wouldn't know a plot if it was fired into his skull with a staple gun.
That's actually the plot of "Hotel California" by the Eagles.
Once the plot has been cleared they put up stone walls, without mortar.
The one who looks after the plot and is just going to chase them...
"You don't want to go walkin' on the dead" I says. "Make sure you use an empty plot where nobody's buried."
I've secured you a... a prime plot smack in the centre of town.
We have a private plot; it would be a private ceremony.
I'm sure that if you bought it, it's the best plot in the whole city, but I'm still not coming home today.
And he and he bought this plot 'cause he maintained the grave.
You know, the Plot is our business, we have to defend it.
The plot was confiscated by the British government in 1938 and later resold at an auction in 1953 to the Harris family.
Rachel's parents own a family plot, and they want her buried there.
Fourth pot, third table, fifth row. Four, five, three.
Put the pot in the sun, and keep the soil moist until the seeds sprout.
Oh, my God, you used the pot of her little Christmas tree.
You got to repot it during the peak growing season, which is between June and July, but you can only use a clay pot.
A suicidal woman carefully replaces a damaged pot before lowering herself silently into the water?
And over the next two weeks the roots are gonna get so strong that they're gonna break the ceramic pot onless I re-plant it with enough room to grow.
If you're into it, you, uh, chip in 20 bucks, and scariest house on the street wins the pot.
Well, is there... is there like a giant pot... that destroys the world that I might have glazed?
One time, in Hamburg, I roomed with this dude who I caught stealing my shampoo. I said, "Whoa, man," and he threw a flower pot at me, but he was cool.
I thought maybe I'd send her a nice pot of Azalea this year.
Pot is illegal because William Randolph Hearst ran a smear campaign against marijuana in the 1930s to protect his interests in the timber industry, because hemp was poised to replace wood as an inexpensive raw material for the manufacture of paper.
I think your edge was, "hey, my dad always has pot!"
They think they can go out and get high, They think they can get turned on with pot, They can get loaded, they can get stoned!
She agreed and we kept the same arrangement as before- ten percent and free pot for me... if I helped her that weekend.
I don't know how that pot got in my Van!
How am I ever going to prove that this is the pot from the house ?
Who said the pot leaf wasn't good enough?
You could maybe say, "I mean, that's like my pot telling me I'm lazy." Oh, that's really funny.
Well, Son, we've just been trying to make sure you know how dangerous drugs like pot are.
She thinks you brought the pot, I bet.
Place three fingers above the ear and two or three fingers in front of that on the side where the first pupil blew.
He's seizing and now his right pupil is dilating.
The "defiant pupil" has been present for 16 days.
What if... the "defiant pupil" is a signifier that the way the animals see the world is now changing?
But when the curve of the cornea is different, the pupil can't focus light into a point.
The defiant pupil is a signifier that the way the animals see the world is now changing.
Excuse me, man with no pupil, where can we get a taxicab around here?
When the bandage came off, Her pupil did not react to the bright lights.
She had a blown pupil, which signals traumatic brain injury.
My number one pupil, No. 18, will face you.
They're going with a school that has a pupil who was in the Judo squad at London 2012 and whose whole family has cancer.
"It's a poor pupil who doesn't overtake his master."
That I would do reluctantly, because you have been a good pupil...
Inevitably there comes a time when the pupil absorbs all that he or she can.
Isn't that what got you a job at fucking Save Pay, being a pussy?
..and you be the biggest pussy pig I'd ever see.
That's where the pussy is... by the fire.
This is the first pussy you guys have seen in a long time.
And your daughter's pussy was gonna buy me a couple farms.
I'll tell her you sucked my dick like a champ, then sucker-punched me like a pussy.
You don't get to where I'm at by being a pussy.
From where I was kneeling, it looked like a bald little pussy.
Oh, that's right, he didn't talk about committees, because he wasn't a pussy.
Dude, I had to keep up with her drinking or else I look like a pussy.
You're a bigger pussy than your brother, ain't ya?
Sniff the pines... sniff that cross-mounted pussy down by the river!
I get a hard-on whenever I hear words that sounds like "pussy"
A pussy is warm, wet and feels awesome on your cock, and a cunt's the bitch that owns it.
I always think that that shaved pussy looks at me in a funny way.
Yeah, if you don't eat meat at all, you become a pussy.
Meanwhile, you're down here... Squirtin' fire like a dragon's pussy. Ha!
His cock is really hard... and my pussy is so wet.
You don't want to know, Bubbles used to get that pussy.
I'm not a pussy because I don't wanna break through the door...
"And lick the vanilla icing off your sweet rack"?
Probably 'cause I make sure that they notice my rack first.
I think technically the "girl of my dreams"... would probably have, like, a really bodacious rack, you know. Maybe different hair. Probably- You know, she'd probably be a little more into sports.
I'm stupid, but my rack is bigger than yours.
I had been informed that those who tortured her, illegally, had stretched her on the rack until the strings of her arms and legs were perished.
Kensi's holding her own, but Granger's about this close to putting her in a torture rack.
I didn't break when they put me on the rack. Or when they threw me in the drowning pool. Or when they spun me on the wheel of pain.
Put to the rack, threatened with death, even an innocent girl might think herself a witch, and any man around her a Devil.
O, let him pass. He hates him that would upon the rack of this tough world stretch him out longer.
Catch him, had string him up on the rack!
All these dreadful tortures you see depicted here... the rack and the stake... the whole ghastly catalog... are they not indeed devoutly to be wished... preferred to that fate which is the most terrible of all?
I want to put him on the rack and stretch him until he gives us Axe.
I now realise it was defining orthodoxy which meant that it also defined heresy, and over the centuries the church has put its heretics to the rack, the sword and the fire.
My servants I can live without - except perhaps he who oils my rack.
He fought like a cornered rat, so I gave him...
Why we were afraid of... the lying miserable rat is a mystery to me.
Don't be such a swank! The rat was probably dead when you shot it!
As an example, even a rat like you can be worth more alive than dead.
If the rat were really there, you'd knock it off, wouldn't you?
No, not a miracle. Just tell me that the rat is real.
In time of crisis, Saviour comes among them, Guinean big rat.
Even a rat, for all its fury, falls prey to it
Now speaks the rat that would be my ears.
You didn't even have sense enough to lock the door, you and that rat.
I am through with the banking rat race. Good riddance.
If he has spent those last three schillings it looks to me as if he's caught like a rat in a trap.
Our government made that chip, implanted it in your neck as part of a secret military project to develop a biochemical weapon, to monitor your immunity or to destroy you like a lab rat if the truth were to be exposed.
Well, my severe head injury is a small price to pay for the pleasure of having... you move into my humble... is "rat trap" accurate?
Oh, honey, I'd do anything to get rid of this rat trap.
Well, take a picture, 'cause soon she's gonna look like a drowned rat.
You can turn our Prince into wood, and turn us into your slaves, but you'll never be more than a mangy, dirty rat to us.
I always feel like a white rat in search of a tasty treat.
Just you and a frozen pizza, staring at the wall like a caged rat.
Sorta like a... . rat in a maze kinda thing, huh?
There was no one at the register, so everything was in our price range.
Need it to if we're gonna get the guy behind the counter to give us all the money in the register. Don't have to.
It's right next to the register, the fax, the credit card scanner, but they're all plugged into this extension cord, which runs back there.
One day, my mom got sick, and I had to work the register.
Rand, I put one aside for myself next to the register.
But why'd the killer put the gun back in the register?
That's a total of $120 that was missing before the cash was even put in the register.
I hope they didn't notice me pull a $50 from the register.
I guess not. Six years ago, he walks into Pocum's Amy Wilson's on the register.
Anyways, I thought maybe if you put one next to the register when she...
I haven't seen him but my number plate register was open.
At least now, with the website, Europeans have an up-to-date register of unscrupulous airlines.
I'm writing an article about this, and not just for The Blue and Gold, for The Register.
The register is based on data from all health care facilities in the Rhône region.
I mean, you have a cash register with a drawer for cash.
Objectives To create an online register of all certificates of eligibility for procurement procedures.
We've checked the register, and it appears that this picture was stolen last year.
In 1995, the Rhône road trauma register was created in the French region of Rhône.
The LAG alsomaintained a register of members’ interests and themembers were subject to a rotation policy.
1:The Austrian contractors’register (ANKÖ) is a great service that helps in providing certificates of eligibility.
Oh, yes ... it's a hyperspace relay, with some kind of genetic component.
The laser system guarding the diamond was replaced with an optical relay three days ago.
Sam disabled the power relay running through these walls so... I wouldn't bother.
I'll stay here and run com relay as long as my fuel holds out.
By damaging just a small detail in this relay the whole machine is put out of function.
I just pulled up at communications relay station 19-A.
When the Chief fixed the communications relay, we could hear what was happening in the real word.
And you were supposed to be servicing a faulty relay station.
Cut power to the EPS relay surrounding the Surgical Bay.
No, sir, but it won't take them long to figure out who blew up that radio relay.
I knew the relay was the next day, but those guys...
Kryten, the Eastbourne Zimmer frame relay team can easily outrun us.
It's a relay today, so the sum of all of your individual efforts will determine who wins and who loses.
We will now have the 1000 meter relay as the final event of this year's Sports carnival
There are some aprons, ribbons that I wear, jugs that were hidden during the war in a shelter, ribbons for the bride, relay for the Soviet Union, blankets, a painting for America we use to send as a greeting,
Open the file and push the resolution as far as it'll go.
• The Commission intends to launch a further set of actions to improve the coverage (38) ofdata, resolution and range of assembled parameters (39).
WMAP for the first time had that resolution so when WMAP came out, we could really use those features to make a big triangle and measure the geometry of space.
High resolution and crystal clarity are what consumers are looking for in modern liquid crystal displays,such astelevisions.
Yeah, it's the best image we can get. The new telescope will give us a much higher resolution. But our atmospheric window closes in 24 hour.
Such as: extending the geology map to the Mediterranean and Iberian Atlantic Coast; resolution of bathymetry from a quarter of a minute to at least a tenth of a minute; include further pesticides.
The synchrotron is the only X-ray type machine that provides the kinds of resolution that we need to see all the tiny details within the fossilised embryos.
Resolution: 1 km2 for the land-cover data, down to 0.5 ha for additional data-layers.
It captures everything up to 50 feet and up to 500 lines of resolution.
You can use digital high resolution (jpg, tiff or eps) or send your paper version design to EIGE in a hardback envelope, but if you reach the final stage you will be asked to send your project in digital formats.
If the resolution is defeated, well, we believe Traugott will have no choice but to accept the results.
In a resolution of 19 June on the 2005 report on competition policy, the European Parliament welcomed the Commission’s economic approach to competition-policy enforcement and its efforts to improve the quality of enforcement of decisions within the European competition network.
Madame president, I have to wonder if this resolution couldn't be used against other offshoot religious groups.
EUR 6 295 320 of the appropriations in the reserve will be released on presentation of a follow-up report on the staff screening exercise started in 2007, in accordance with paragraph 19 of Parliament’s resolution of 8 July 2008 on the 2009 PDB.
Britain and the United States require a joint resolution the Security Council to demand reform democratic Tyrgyztan.
On 9 October the European Parliament adopted a resolution on the future structure of financial supervision. The text formally requests the Commission to present proposals to improve the supervisory architecture and regulatory framework for financial services in Europe (Lamfalussy follow-up).
With France abstaining, all participating members are in agreement, and the Article 5 resolution is invoked.
In another forceful move, in a resolution of 11 October 1982
Now that each of you has committed to live by this resolution,
A resolution adopted by Parliament at its February part-session called on the Commission to introduce an information system for the general public on all recipients of EU subsidies and amounts to be recovered.
Total sales were up only $200.000 in the last fiscal year.
I heard you opened a shop, and figured I'd help boost sales.
Look, I know our paltry little $2 million in sales... is about what you spend a year on office supplies.
I only hired you two losers because I'm desperate to increase my quarterly sales... and you'll work for less than immigrants.
He built the biggest narcotics marketplace on the dark net... billion dollars in sales.
Mr. Hosoki This month's sales are 15 B dollars ..
This year the Rive Gauche boutique registered sales of 15 million.
Order it online now, while you can still cheat the government on sales tax.
It's a slush fund where the Pentagon keeps proceeds from illegal arms sales.
Tobar was thus prohibited from undertaking sales or promotion campaigns for competing products and from participating in such campaigns, both inside the service station and in the surrounding area.
In the Pacific Northwest, my territory we have increased sales 106% in the last 12-month period.
In order to compensate for the company’s competitive advantage resulting from the tax exemption, as from 2002 a cap for production and as from the date of accession also a cap for sales were established.
But as word of the murder circulated it had the effect of increasing sales of the photographs.
10 larly, in 2002, after the rate of duty on wine was cut, wine sales underwent the highest increase ever recorded between 1995 and 2004.
Everybody thought it was a war, a war for record sales and attention.
“It was when the euro came that our sales abroad really took off.The risks and costs of dealing in several currencies simply disappeared and we became more competitive.
So assuming Miss T's record sales continue to climb, we anticipate the rest of her catalogue to be in the tens of millions of dollars as per annex "C."
It may be added that, in contrast to the figures for market share and advertising in Italy, the original reference to yearly sales of 45 million items did not indicate the geographical market concerned.
Like trudging bare foot uphill through five miles of snow just to find the nearest homosexual saloon.
And i get the distinct impression That giving him the saloon,
Don't take this the wrong way, but a saloon like this has got to have protection.
Well, you didn't have to put your Sunday best on to come down here to the Crow Bait saloon to see me.
Even before she left the saloon, she was no one to be crossed.
Is there another El Gato Negro saloon in this town?
Your business is politics, mine is running a saloon.
Having said that, however, for a high-performance saloon, the ride quality is really rather good.
As a result, they're all capable of blasting way past 200 miles an hour whilst producing fewer harmful emissions than a family saloon.
For 24 years, this has been the ultimate sports saloon.
It's called the MG 6, you can have it as a saloon or as a hatchback.
Of course, I'm not going to pretend that a four-door saloon is as much fun to drive as that Tesla.
The Alfa is basically just an Alfa saloon underneath, And the Audi is just an Golf in a fancy front.
Because all those films had a big Audi saloon in them going quickly.
But first, when someone wants to buy a large and very fast saloon car, they tend to buy German.
Alfa's done it - built a super saloon to beat the very best.
Vauxhall once thought they'd try and sell the Senator in Australia, a big old saloon made in Germany in the '80s.
And as God's deputy, here in this community it is my duty to pronounce the sentence of this court upon you.
142 — The penultimate sentence of paragraph 335 of the judgment under appeal; see also paragraphs 410, 419 and 446 of that judgment.
He was convinced that the tastiest faeces were those of women who had just heard the sentence of death
No sentence, no punishment, no revenge, could ever come close to making up for what you've done.
A child entering puberty on this planet means a death sentence.
The execution will take place tonight at eight o'clock, as the sentence states.
In a word, that very thing. And stomach cancer is practically a death sentence.
Any one of a hundred that would lead to a Cardassian death sentence.
The sentence of the court: You be confined to the workhouse for 30 days or pay a fine of $50.
The important thing is that this sentence establishes a precedent.
This is a sentence, that has the syllable count, of a haiku.
- If I clean it up, it's not really a sentence.
The reply to the first question referred must therefore be that the last sentence of Article 88(3) EC is to be interpreted as meaning that the national court is not bound
And, yes, I'm aware of the contradiction embodied in that sentence.
— paragraph 10, renumbered 9, second sentence of (a);
"Neverwas was real." That's my favorite sentence in the book.
(a) in paragraph 2, the words ‘the Council may adopt’ shall be replaced by ‘the European Parliament and the Council, acting in accordance with the ordinary legislative procedure, may adopt’ and the last sentence shall be deleted;
Wow, I bet there's a sentence that's never been uttered before.
In that regard, it is appropriate to note that the first sentence of Article 88(3) EC imposes on the Member States an obligation to inform the Commission of any plans to grant or alter aid.
I think that one sentence is the greatest burden I have ever known.
So, if the service is to satisfy the demand... it should administer a monthly average... of 104,712 renderings.
This requires a vision of the whole value chain, frominfrastructure and raw materials to after-sales service.
Yes, well, I organised a technical information service, bringing modern industrial techniques to backward planets, making available certain valuable patents to struggling young civilisations throughout the galaxy.
However, she wondershow to find the best deal, and is worried that she may not be entitled to after-sales service from themanufacturer.
C. Awarding the contract running costs, cost-effectiveness, after-sales service, technical assistance, delivery date, delivery period and time to completion.
We service these people with a killer who's got no motive.
For you, some parking lot where you wear a smock with "super service" on it.
He said the room service is good and the food is cheap and the staff is friendly.
I mean, they go together about as well as you and customer service.
And if you act now, you'll also receive a handsome sterling service for 24.
Call it "national service". Send the young people out into the community services.
The service, based on EU accounting data, gives an overview of the preceding financial year.
Europe Direct is a service to help you find answers to your questions about the European Union
Europe Direct is a service to help you nd answers to your questions about the European Union
And just like that, my service in the United States Army was over.
We knew you couldn't make any money in the service.
To follow up the Communication, an interactive information service (IIS) was also set up in January 2008 to provide answers to other questions from citizens, public authorities and serv-ice-providers regarding application of the EU rules (23).
Your telephone service said that you'd be in the darkroom all day, but well, that you would be home this evening.
Europe Direct is a service to help you find answers to your questions about the European Union
What has my whole life been but one of service to Rome and my Emperor?
This is a lot of time and expense for a glucose shot, and we have other things to do.
No, no, no, no. It's just a little shot, Miss McFarland. Really, no, you'll go to sleep.
Every stolen moment feels like a-a shot of adrenaline straight to the heart.
How do I know that the next shot's not going to make things worse?
A big enough shot would keep him down for up to six, seven hours.
Because this shot you're about to get could kill you
And I know the shot might've hurt, but the savings did not.
You could've waited till after I got my flu shot and sandwich combo.
I told you my immunity shot was still working.
It was a hot shot, a massive amount of heroin injected for the sole purpose of killing someone.
...a panning shot for the beginning of the interview, okay?
Anyway, we were able to pull a shot of the suspect from the hotel security footage... the party where Jesse and his cousin were coming from.
So this is the vacation shot that gives us something to work with.
Look. This is the best shot security cameras could get.
Listen, we need to get this intro shot before she actually finds the place.
I took the shot to make my life better.
And this is the shot that you spoke of... this is what you try and get?
Because an ATM from across the street captured this image of the shooter getting out of a late-model sedan just moments before the shooting and here's a shot of his driver who then sped off.
You might be able to talk some sense into him, convince him that he'd be, you know, crazy to take that shot.
This shot, it needs to be sexy but not sexual.
It's like a sickness, Buffy. I'm just missing everything.
• • • • • • • • • sickness and maternity,accidents at work,occupational diseases,invalidity benefits,old-age pensions,survivors’ benefits,death grants,unemployment benefits,family benefits.
I just said it was a special kind of sickness that some people have and that there are doctors who could cure it... as if they could.
Parents parental leave of at least three months on the grounds of birth or adoption of a child; time off for urgent family reasons (sickness, accidents).
Deep space sickness is the one thing we can't chance.
Sickness, maternity, old age, invalidity, occupational diseases and injury, accidents at work, survivor benefits, children’s education, unemployment.
Dr. Shioda, I'll follow your example and come down with space sickness too!
• sickness and maternity, accidents at work and occupational diseases
I can feel that the sickness has moved into my lungs now.
Until you admit your sickness, you will wear these.
It is my medical opinion that Dr. Lahiri does not have diet-triggered morning sickness.
This just sucks, it's like I have morning sickness without even being pregnant.
I think we know how to treat Dr. L's morning sickness.
The morning sickness is gone, and my energy's back, so...
Gurudev recommended a Chinese herbalist... who has a cure for morning sickness...
Morning sickness is a sign that the hormones are kicking in.
We don't know what high-altitude sickness is, but we know how to stop it.
Except for the morning sickness that can't tell time.
She saw me nibbling on saltines when I had some morning sickness.
You are having morning sickness, so eat in your room.
By dawn we're under the wire, across the open space, into the woods and gone.
Ventilation and air space shall be in keeping with the conditions of transport and appropriate for the species of animals carried.
Oh, the hills that fell away at her feet... the sky... a whole blue sky like a mat of cornflowers... space and stillness and silence.
For instance, in housing estates or densely populated neighbourhoods space for ‘integration gardens’ can be made where residents can work together on shaping the grounds and caring for plants.
After a while, one begins to think that space and time are not quite real.
This activity can only be carried out in select areas that have to provide enough space to allow it to develop its full potential.
Humphrey had this plan for rationalisation, to make better use of the space.
There's an entirely different world beyond that black hole... a point where time and space as we understand it no longer exists.
The conclusions also institutionalised the European platform for Roma inclusion, as a space for the exchange of experiences in the field of Roma inclusion.
Apparently the two universes occupy the same space, but in different dimensions.
In my century, we can scan time-- much as you use sensors to scan space.
The streets were deserted, ...even the police were more concerned with that traffic accident in space.
He's never believed that it was immutable, any more than space is.
1. carry on as before in specific areas such as fisheries or space and through limited duration research projects or ad-hoc regulatory arrangements.
It is a dimension As vast as space And as timeless as infinity. 6s 00:00:17,434 -- 00:00:21,186 It is the middle ground Between light and shadow
We probe space searching for information about other planets.
And as the only Starfleet vessel assigned to the Delta Quadrant we'll continue to follow our directive to seek out new worlds and explore space.
This is the world with nothing, the space with nothing, the world with nothing.
It also means that whatever this was, it was designed for use in space.
So, after all you've just gone through, I have to ask you the same question people back home are asking about space these days.
Jody and the boys chucked the bodies down the well put away the horses tidied up around Minnie's stashed weapons for further use and waited for John Ruth and Daisy's stage to arrive.
If you think they planned to hold us up, they wouldn't know a stage was coming by today.
Now I want the next stage to come through and no questions asked.
I don't think there's anything more to say to you... except that here's your ticket on the next stage.
It says you robbed the stage last month with Pat Dolan and Bull McCade.
All we want to know is, what time does the stage leave for Guthrie?
You'll be packed in the morning and I'll take you to the stage.
Well, we missed the stage, Miss Dandridge.
We could send word by the next stage... and the sheriff could come over from La Mesa.
I've decided to go to Buxton and get the train, rather than wait for the stage tomorrow.
If you've no objection... and with your kind permission... may I set the stage?
And that memorable night when Margo first dazzled you from the stage, what theatre was it in San Francisco?
You came up on the stage the day I was run in... for not having my license.
Right now I'd like to bring to the stage a fine musician and, as well, a very dear friend.
You know, someone said that the world's a stage, and each of us must play a part.
Excuse me, can you direct me to "D" stage?
Will everybody not concerned leave the stage, please?
The leap to the stage after he shot Lincoln.
Suddenly, I looked up and this beautiful dancer is leaning down over the stage and looking right into my eyes.
And the moment I get on stage, I can't wait for it to end.
- I don't think you should be having a starter.
I'm gonna skip a starter because I had those nachos, but you go ahead. You can have anything you like.
So, do you think that Scottish smoked salmon starter blows it too soon?
It is a bit it's very Jules Verne, this starter, I have to say, yeah.
I was, er, I was just talking about the food, this elaborate starter.
I usually just have a starter and find that's enough.
Mr. President, tonight I have prepared for you a starter of lemon soup with edible wood cream cheese.
'In the shop, James said he'd do the starter,
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! I dare say we've spent your month's salary on our bloody starter!
I'm... I normally expect at least a starter before I'm accused of being a man.
Lady as much as I might wish to rob you, I won't try to replace a new starter.
This is the best truck I got, but the starter is gone.
Having settled on a half-mile distance, we lined up, and our Spanish starter began the countdown.
There's something wrong with the starter, so I hid it here.
Okay, choke out, clutch in, give her a little gas, turn the key, and step on the starter.
The Coffman starter is serviceable and we should have no difficulty starting up the engine.
My name's Trevor Wareham, and basically my problem is that the starter motor gets stuck especially in cold weather.
I'm afraid they're facing the wrong way at the moment... the wrong way at the moment, but the starter will sort this out.
The engine and the starter motor were both jammed on, and they could only be shut down by disconnecting the battery.
Without it, the fuel and starter systems are totally dead.
The current state of the art limits the usage of such solutions in industry and they are more often considered in relation to lowfrequency airborne noise.
Impossible concept is abstract, it is more a state of mind.
As a prolific author and former Director of the ULB’s Jean Monnet Centre of Excellence (Institut d’Etudes Européennes), Professor Magnette has been most active in the production of landmark publications explaining the state of European integration.
Unless you argue that Bouvier's mental state improved the more he killed.
Firstly its construction, surface and state of repair will all effect the machine and a rider’s control of it.
we interrupt this program to bring you a special broadcast dunwich a state of emergency, effective immediately within dunwich county all citizens are requested to return to their homes as quickly as possible in case of necessity contact this station, radio wdwc
19149, ‘the Decree of 30 March 1999’), the Flemish Community introduced a scheme of care insurance in order to improve the state of health and living conditions of persons whose autonomy is reduced by serious and prolonged disability.
Come to Paris and see a doctor to get a new opinion about your... state of health.
By a decree of 15 November 2001, the Prime Minister of the Italian Republic declared a state of emergency in the city of Milan on account of the pollution resulting from car traffic and the inadequacy of the existing road network.
Did you ever experience any unusual mental state during the war?
A man who cares neither for the people or the state but only for his own personal power and ambition.
He started to build roads schools, power dams to change the state from one end to the other.
It's a speech about what this state needs.
This is a film about a man, who was the first to unite our country in the 16th century, a Prince of Moscow who created a single and powerful state from a hodgepodge of divided and self-seeking principalities,
If a State which has withdrawn from the Union asks to rejoin, its request shall be subject to the procedure referred to in Article 49.’.
There's no need in my telling you what this state needs.
Those men died with their boots on, not for the small wage they receive, but for an ideal, the determination to make this state a civilized place in which to live, and so, Hawkins, Jones,
What do you think we did while he was building up the state?
Palestine as a refuge or Zionism as a movement for a Jewish state?
In her words, " What we fought for was not only the privilege of equal rights and a share in the determination of state policy but also the grave responsibility which accompanies that privilege.
And Susana needs another story so she can see the olive grove.
So we need to canvass every story on every building that had an eye line to this scene, including all the rooftops.
Second story, white building with the sandbags on the roof.
What would she have done if she didn't have a second story?
There's a lot of rigging involved when you get above one story, so there's a little more of engineering going on.
You'll buy the house, add a second story, and block her view.
31 Sussex Avenue, north side of the street, freestanding, one story.
The second story was destroyed and the entire "Dream Team" fled the house on their own two feet.
I can't possibly think your story is true.
Tell me your story. I am all ears.
Before I answer your question about the true religion, May I tell you a story?
A professional actor tells the story of a group of friends, going out on a weekend night.
The story that I have been told is that the way to cure AIDS is by sleeping with a virgin!
Over thousands of years, Europe has changed enormously.It’s a fascinating story!
Yes, I spotted that when he told us the story of the cotton dress.
There is a story about how European police catch more criminals by co-operating better, how we are producing cleaner cars and even why travelling with your pets is easier now.
It's a very old story, one that goes back almost 2,000 years.
The EU strategy on waste and recycling might be a strange success story for some, but it certainly makes a vital contribution to the quality of life of EU citizens, both today and for tomorrow.
And we have a little, fat, iron stove, and in the winter we keep a fire going in it.
We will remove the iron stove, the one that was camouflaging the trap door...
You put cold water in a... let's say a teapot, turn the stove on, the water gets hot, right?
I didn't want a fancy new stove, but he insisted.
Please tell me that this is not the same stove that you used with your dad.
Why don't some of these rich parents buy a new stove?
He kept her room neat and clean... and made sure the stove was always going... so it would be warm when she returned to him.
You will shine the backside of every surface, polish the stove until it gleams.
I can explain further, if you'll allow me to turn off the stove.
It's better if you sleep here, there's a stove.
It'd be nice to have a white, beautiful place and... a decent stove.
Made of steel, your stove will not melt and nor will your pots and pans
My baby has a name and my husband's sleeping on the couch... and I figured out that I'll go with the Avery stove for the inn.
Place it on the stove, "When the sauce is thick take it off, put in the woodlice.
My daughter Taru wants some, but our stove is broken.
In here you got the stove and the fridge, both still under warranty.
And there'd be an island right where the light is hanging... and the island would have the stove in it... and a countertop on one side with tall stools under it.
Tonya tried to light the stove but you got blamed?
Right, Doakes accidentally turned on the propane valve, and then he accidentally turned the stove on.
Well, if you lock yourself out and you say that you left the stove on, yeah the fire department has to come let you in.
and get to be the third mouth on that straw?
I just ordered an extra-long straw to avoid accidentally doing a sit-up.
As the young butterfly prepares for adult life, these two sections are zipped together to form a tube, like a miniature drinking straw.
So why don't you two guys go home, put down some lines of selfishness, which is your blow, close the shades, take the phone off the hook, grab a straw and snort?
I opened a bottle of morphine, put a straw in it, and I handed it to her.
Now, do you want to die fast or do you want to spend the rest of your life eating all your meals through a straw?
You will be drinking your chocolate milk from a standard straw.
If you have a milkshake and I have a milkshake, and I have a straw, there it is.
We draw a fourth card, five of which are blank, the sixth reads murderer - the short straw, if you will.
Unfortunately, if you accidentally eat one... you'll be sipping your dinner through a straw... at the very least.
Madam... come along, Zhu-Zhu-straw, that's his passion. A real weakness he has for straw.
Biomass includes anything that is solid and organic like wood and wood waste, straw, crop harvest residues, vegetal and animal waste.
The new straw will serve as bedding for seminar guests on the Krameterhof.
Oil seeds and oleaginous fruit; miscellaneous grains, seeds and fruit; industrial and medical plants; straw and fodder
Mom, I know where the straw is, thank you.
Oil seeds and oleaginous fruit; miscellaneous grains, seeds and fruit; industrial and medical plants; straw and fodder
THEY CAN'T DO ANYTHING. THEY'RE JUST RAGS AND STRAW!
And in Jeremy's , there was some straw, which didn't seem so bad but at the other end there was an electric fire.
It is a totally sustainable car made of, effectively, wattle and daub, only the wattle has been replaced by straw and the daub has been replaced by cow poo, but the principle is the same.
The orthopaedically correct stone bed may not seem particularly luxurious, but the addition of heather and straw would have softened the sleeping surface and would have made this bed seem rather snug.
In addition to diabetes, obesity is linked to illnesses such as heart disease and stroke and is estimated to cause 70 000 new cancer cases in Europe every year.
During transport in a police van, Deputy Georges Pirou died of a stroke, according to police.
I'll let you choose. A stroke? Sudden plague?
Violet says you didn't have a stroke in the attic.
- No, no, no, not a stroke.
Sita Memsahib, our Biji is the victim of a major stroke.
She's mad at me now, but she has to admit, ever since her stroke, I've taken good care of her.
But this stroke isn't gonna kill her or the baby. What you're proposing could.
Unlike his previous stroke, it has left the president fully incapacitated.
Well, you're still at risk for another stroke.
The brush is like a dragon, each stroke made of iron.
Hey, I wanted to tell you, it was a stroke of genius. Coming up with this idea.
The terminal stroke on the six, the roof on the five...
If you had known what you had done, I would have hailed it a master stroke.
He will feel every stroke - for what he has done.
Encoding data in the standing wave of a sun was freaking brilliant of me. A stroke of genius one might say.
And until that last, magnificent brush stroke is finished, nothin', absolutely nothin', is gonna get in the way of the artistic process.
Security video shows her leaving her room alone, and the officer's throat was cut in the same exact manner as the murdered drug dealers... same angle, same left-handed stroke favoring the carotid.
But don't you see, it was a wonderful stroke of...
Now, I think it was a master stroke to put the spray in these elegant bottles.
Why didn't you supply some hot water bottles or an electrically heated suit?
For men who are applying for responsible positions a suit is still obligatory.
Well, I left the suit with him and it's been there ever since.
Do not wear a suit and tie if you are applying to be a plumber. Do not come in shorts or jeans if you are applying for a job as sales representative.
You better scrape up some dough, or he'll take your pal's suit.
In the nancial sector recruiters still expect men to wear a suit and tie.
He was wearing a two-piece dark-blue flannel lounging suit... with a cunning white monogram on his upper pocket.
If the job is a whitecollar position, it is necessary to wear a suit (men and women).
Selden had on the suit you were wearing when we met in London.
A dark suit, plain tie, high-quality leather shoes and briefcase is generally recommended for men.
No, but 9 of the 17 watches were given as gifts to a legal team at the law firm of P.P.C. after they won a civil suit against Big Tobacco.
I need the original plans and schematics for my case by next week, or the suit gets dismissed.
The last thing you guys need is a malpractice suit.
This is a civil suit that would only win the income lost due to Thomas' untimely death.
get enough money out of their suit that they can move out of here.
I'm sorry to bring it up, but a suit should... be brought up against the manufacturer.
Her father always said this was a cursed suit.
So... you think this suit is about your transition period. Yes. Okay.
Do you want me to start citing the 1954 A.C.L.U. suit White vs. Williams or are you good?
Mr. Preston, Mr. Gardner, your suit may go forward.
This house is my birthright and, whilst I'm in it, there will be no Russian takeover.
Odo, if Admiral Leyton is planning some kind of takeover on the 14th I want to make sure that Jake and my father are safe.
You do realize that once I hand over the money, we need to be ready for an immediate takeover.
Season 4 follows the cast as they head to their homeland, Italy in what can only be described as the beginnings of a global takeover.
According to Casey's deputy Robert Gates the Reaganites saw their arrival as a hostile takeover.
She's-she's been in Alberta, working on a takeover of a Canadian shale oil outfit.
In January 2000, the Commissionauthorised the planned takeover on condition that the parties put into effecttheir proposal that they would sell their shares in certain subsidiaries, therebyreducing their market shares to less than 30 %, and that they cut off their linkswith their competitors.
But from day one, over 90% of their training and operations focus on demonizing, surveilling, and harassing anyone who stands against their takeover.
One transaction — a horizontal merger involving a proposed takeover by Ryanair of Aer Lingus — was prohibited (see 2.7. below).
The spending bill was really a takeover bill designed to further federalize the States and to pay off rich donors that had donated to both parties.
On 27 June, the Commission adopted a decision to prohibit the proposed takeover by Ryanair of Aer Lingus. e acquisition would have combined the two leading airlines operating from Ireland which competed vigorously against each other.
It would give Trask a solid base in broadcasting, and, because of FCC regulations forbidding foreign ownership of radio stations, it would wipe out the threat of a Japanese takeover.
New contractors will thus be able to access the service operations in order to prepare themselves for takeover of the services … [at] the latest by the end of the runningin phase.
What did the government do with this information of an alien takeover?
Merck’s merger with Schering-Plough was approved on the grounds that it would not harm competition, as was Lufthansa’s takeover of Austrian Airlines.
I think it best if we ignore each other this term.
At some institutions a summer term was introducedin 1992.
Making movies. But since you messed up my term...
This tragedy is little more than a week old and already three-- three, mark you-- sets of parents have written advising me that their daughters will not be here next term.
I'll teach out the term, put the house up for sale... and go live in Florida.
Getting In Shape To Defend Myself For The Fall Term.
Cos I feel so bad about how we left things last term.
In fact, you did well the whole term, or rather...
Listen, you just stay here through this term, and hopefully we will figure something out.
'It might have been a new term and a new year, 'but some things never change.'
Serbs started massive attacks against civilian targets spreading fear and terror and introducing a new term: ethnical cleansing.
Since not all Member States have adopted the euro as their currency, the term Eurosystem is used to describe the entity composed of the ECB and the national central banks of those Member States that have adopted the euro, currently 15.
I was using the term in its literal sense, Michael.
The term ‘Commission’ is used in two senses.First, it refers to the ‘Members of the Commission’ — i.e. the team of 20 men andwomen appointed by the member states and Parliament to run the institution and take itsdecisions.
Well, one doesn't really want to use the term "muscular slaves."
The Treaty of Lisbon incorporates the term “Eurosystem” (see Section 1.2 of Chapter 5).
Uh, we decided early on that what we needed, a..a definition, we needed a kind of meta-license to define the term "Open Source".
The term ‘Commission’ is used in two senses.
wait a minute. Do you prefer the term "abductee" or "experiencer"?
Second, the term ‘Commission’refers to the institution itself and to its staff.
Came down here with four men that didn't know the territory.
Leave this territory and stay out of things that don't concern you...
We're sendin' a delegation to Washington about turning this territory into a state.
I reckon the whole damn territory's gonna be one big open jug for us now.
Just about every man in the territory's been out beating the brush.
Old "Pa" Clanton and his boys are running the biggest rustling operation this territory's ever seen.
Your pa and me got kicked out of one territory after another... putting up towns.
I've seen them fight in a circle covering hundreds of miles, or an X as big as the whole Territory.
This model is supported by a very diverse range of agricultural land occupying 182 million hectares or 47% of the total territory of the Union of 27 (BOX 1).
Too bad about Frank gettin' killed by outlaws in Indian territory.
The European Council may, on the initiative of the Member State concerned, adopt a decision amending the status, with regard to the Union, of a Danish, French or Netherlands country or territory referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2.
We'll drink to the twitchingest nose for gold in the whole territory of Alaska:
The Bank shall not finance, in whole or in part, any investment opposed by the Member State in whose territory it is to be carried out.
- You quit your post while in Indian territory?
The new Member States’ territory almost completely fell under Objective 1, eligible for the highest possible level of support from the Structural and Cohesion Funds.
That is why, this coronation day we are going to set about retaking occupied Russian territory.
If a Member State is the victim of armed aggression on its territory, the other Member States shall have towards it an obligation of aid and assistance by all the means in their power, in accordance with Article 51 of the United Nations Charter.
So let's let this classic track take us into Chapter 10.
David's idea of putting these clicks and claps and then the track just grew.
That was the title track to the new recording "walk-up,"
Wow, you certainly have made a lot of progress for somebody who said I was crazy to start recording the last track today.
This is where the other track starts to show, you see?
Bolting upright at 3:00 a.m., haunted by that one track you know did not fit the unifying motif.
Shadow track 3 , will at optimal signal strength at 01:00 hours 24 minutes for a period of one minute, 27 seconds.
I'll have you know that that track was number one in 25 separate countries in 1986. 25.
The track is from a tread used exclusively in the 1970s on various European cars.
Maybe we're on the wrong track with the whole spell, curse and whammy thing.
..Breathing, face amid the breathless dead, the track of terror and the slope of doom.
Monitoring will help determine to what extent we are on the right track and if needed adjust our course of action so that we deliver Progress expected outcomes.
Instincts. Lucky guess. I feel that we're on the right track.
Fast train 70 from Cheb is arriving at platform one 9th occupied track.
But you have to consider past performances, type of horse, track conditions, experience of the jockey.
Ladies and gentlemen, train 623... has arrived at 5:49 on track number two.
Can I have your attention. Now boarding at gate letter D, track 4, the southbound 8:45 acela express from New York, making station stops at BWI rail station and Union station, Washington.
He ended up putting his forehead on a train track, thinking it was a big steel sweatband. Don't worry.
Eric, let's stop all cargo trucks going from the track to miami international.
The express train from Paris arrives on track 3.
That a demotic translator has been hired To join a salvage operation in the north sea.
A translator living in Germany submi4 ed a bid in reply to an invitation to tender for translation services into Bulgarian, launched by the Commission. The bid was rejected because, according
She learned to speak English better than we do and was getting by as a freelance translator.
And then his-his translator looks at me and she says, "He thinks you're lucky."
That's our comm guy. Our translator doesn't speak much, but he's damn good at his job.
You know I served as a translator in Iraq?
We are working hard in the studio... [translator speaking in Spanish]
So I can lie for you all summer as your witch translator, but when it's something I want--
This is the translator for Marshal Nevsky, Soviet Air Defense Command.
He's an Arab-American translator who worked for the military until he was accused of collaborating with the Taliban.
No, I'm his translator, he went to pee.
I was trying to negotiate with a xenon- based life- form when the universal translator went off- line.
Jorge definitely has a cell phone, so the only way I'm gonna give myself up is if you... you trace his calls you get him, you bring him to Main Square at noon and you have yourself, the police, and a translator.
Translator... for an hour or so, tonight, after dinner.
Well, if the E-Space image translator doesn't work, I'm hoping we're in N-Space.
Either the universal translator's off-line or I hit my head harder than I thought.
Her gut was right, and that translator saved all our asses.
Ladies and gentlemen, my blushing translator and I have business to tend to.
Tomorrow morning, we'll be joined by the senior FBI translator, covering transcripts of Sa'id's translations.
Ηis Majesty and I and his translator can have a talk here while the rest of you get acquainted in the library.
Come on, help us get that trunk out.
He was chilling on the stoop, just peacing on the block, when onto his trunk landed a tiny crack rock.
The elephant's trunk is sensitive enough to select individual leaves... ..but strong enough to rip off entire branches.
Her trunk is actually stuck up her anus and they're not trying to help her, so we must.
Did you know their trunk was five times more dextrous than an elephant's?
When you pull the fucking trunk on it, the light's supposed to go on.
Uh, a trunk is a place where you might put all sorts of things, things you might have, uh, taken, or borrowed from another person. in an anatomical sense.
An elephant's trunk - its nose - is far more sensitive than a human's which means it can tell where the water table is closest to the surface.
All right, preggers, don't get your trunk in a knot.
One human arm, the other is an elephant's trunk.
I noticed the pulmonary trunk was quite large-- too large, in fact, to be viable for a transplant for PinZ0.
F.B.I. Will load this trunk along with wood pile and rock debris... and will ship it back to their lab in Maryland.
And when we tire, her trunk shelters us.
But if you watch the trunk, you will see its stability.
Can you climb that trunk, choke this off that limb?
Resting against a tree trunk, his things in a neat row, hands clasped on his chest.
'She had often lalin beneath that poplar... '...her feet up against the trunk... '...gazing up at its numberless leaves swaying above her in the breeze.
We... we have to cut off the trunk.
But the trunk is so thick and so slippery, and it is so far to the first branch.
You usually grab my ass like you're holding a tree trunk in a hurricane.
Thought I got rid of those mugs when I sold my trunk.
I don't remember a steamer trunk, but I can check on it for you if you like.
You see, that instead of taking the first trunk, I want you to ask to see a red one.
Maria, this is your trunk and your gowns.
- I insist on having my trunk here now.
We were barely able to get the trunk to stay closed as it was, we packed it so tight.
All right. I take it you didn't find the trunk, and all this is from an old speech you once made at the Policemen's Ball.
But when the trunk opened, how come you didn't cap the two guys then?
Now, I'm Allison opening the trunk, only this time, I hear the phone ring, so what do I do?
He can afford beach-front property and he's got a trunk full of fabulous shoes that fit me perfectly.
The embryo, the cephalic pole, the trunk, the amniotic sac... and the genitals.
If on the next day following thy banished trunk be found in our dominion, the moment is thy death.
Now, now, if there is no spring in your step and no funk in your trunk, you will be...
The trunk is still somewhat rigid, but the rest of him is... nearly back to room temperature.
Now it's hopped from his left arm to his left leg, skipping the trunk entirely.
I'll make my heaven to dream... upon the crown... and, whiles I live, to account this world but hell... until this misshaped trunk that bears this head... be round impaled with a glorious - crown.
Our native land is no more than a trunk whose limbs have been hacked off.
The vet said someone had to keep an eye on the dog.
The vet seems to think... ... she'sbecomingarooster.
First you wanted to be a vet, then law, and then, art...
We got a call from a vet who had a sick dog brought in.
Well, the vet said they had a bunch of tumours and stuff.
The vet guaranteed me that! It always works with his donkeys.
The freakin' vet tells him, get this, "It's not a dog.
That vet had quite a go at me on the kitchen table
He's got a really bad cough, and our vet can't stop it.
The vet said it had cancer,... so Eldon thought it'd be put in one of those chambers,... you know, the ones that suck their lungs out.
He isn't the first vet to try something extreme.
What every other qualified vet was getting when they ca home.
Conrad Brower, Gulf War vet, local handyman.
No... but I told you my dad's a Vietnam vet.
Lucky bastard, you'll be home tomorrow getting sucked off like a war vet - by my fucking sister, yeah.
Afghanistan war vet, severe ptsd, Which we cured.
As a combat vet, Brad Parker would've known his fiancé's injuries weren't from an I.E.D.
Ben Echmeyer was a Vietnam vet with sixty-three confirmed kills.
Listen, you're a vet, I'll give you five percent, plus we'll throw in some flowers.
From what we can tell,fight night is controlled by a self-styled promoter and vet named Ty Mckelver.
Fastest walker on 8th street, Most elaborate coffee order at starbucks, Best beard at the rite aid.
If there's one walker, we use our knives.
I've seen them before on a walker outside the fences.
For him, you need glasses, that was a walker.
Well, we must allow her to be an excellent walker, I suppose.
If a walker gets me, so be it.
She gets hurt, she dies, if she catches a fever, if she's taken out by a walker... if she gets hit by lightning... anything... anything happens to her, I'll kill you.
You don't feel bad about that walker dying.
A high-wire walker is only thrilling to watch if there's no net below to save him from disaster.
I don't care if every walker in the city hears it.
Put some new tennis balls on her Walker, you could make it happen.
Doing real good. Okay, now, the first thing I want you to do is slide that walker forward, okay?
And you can use the cart as a walker, take some pressure off your foot.
And then she's just gonna turn into Julie and just be mean to me and I'm gonna be in a walker.
Be on the lookout for a face-eating cannibal who uses a walker?
PUDDING PIE, SHE HAS A WALKER. SHE CAN LEAN.
Does he have a walker so he can get out of bed and move around?
If she doesn't improve soon, we're going to have to put her on a walker.
I'll take her for every cent she got, and I'll come back next week and take her walker, her Depends, her Bengay, moth balls... all that.
And we got up and we got the walker... and we walked from east to west on the linoleum floor.
Letting the clutch out slowly seems to solve it for some riders but that's just extra wear and tear on the clutch and drive train.
The wear to the maxillary teeth suggests late 30s.
The wear pattern should be consistent on all soles whether the killer changes shoes or not, correct?
Yes, there's a certain amount of intercostal wear and tear further down, which could indicate a number of problems, to wit...
Wear on the mandibular teeth suggests an age between approximately 55 and 60 years.
But the wear on the molars and the incisors indicates he was in his forties.
The wear on the mandibular teeth suggests that she was in her late 20s.
That's £50 in depreciation, that doesn't include, you know, tyre wear, petrol, insurance, milk...
I'm rotating my tires to equalize tread wear.
About 40 to 50, judging by the wear on the mandibular teeth.
Do not wear a suit and tie if you are applying to be a plumber. Do not come in shorts or jeans if you are applying for a job as sales representative.
'Oh, this is not how I imagined it, 'scrubbing my puke-stained wedding wear in a coffee shop toilet.
- No worse for the wear, Ensign? - I guess you could say that, sir.
And if you buy it, he's the scariest man alive... who's also launching a line of casual wear.
And one of them involved formal wear which really makes it more like six dates.
Being such a feminine and sensitive woman as you are... Can you do men's wear?
- During the day, you switch it off... and you can claim it as reasonable wear and tear under "allowable expenses"... under paragraph 335...
Given the amount of wear to her shoulder, elbow and spine... she must've started golfing at an early age.
I've got designs being considered by knit wear company in Huddersfield... and there's a boutique in Brighton very interested in my jackets.
I'm supposed to be describing this evening wear as "dangerous."
