As Jared Diamond and others have shown us, this is how civilizations commit suicide, by slamming their foot on the accelerator at the exact moment when they should be putting on the brakes.
I took my hands off the steering wheel. I stepped down on the accelerator and I closed my eyes. - Why?
The three holes were forthe accelerator, brake and clutch rods.Ford had set a new pattern for automotivemanufacture: large volume production lineassembly at minimum cost, with cars aimedat mass markets.
So, I'm gonna soak the upholstery with gas, set a 20-second cordite fuse, then we'll put Bernice in the driver's seat, jam a rock on the accelerator, light the fuse, and then slam it into... oh!
As soon as this speed is reached the accelerator shall be released until the engine resumes its idling speed and the opacimeter reverts to the corresponding conditions.
Um, the police autopsied your vehicle and it looks like someone jimmied the accelerator and cut the brake line.
Now turn the ignition key, and just tap the accelerator.
I recognize the more rudimentary controls, such as the accelerator, Devon.
We drop the car into gear, wedge her foot down on the accelerator,
I worked on the clutch, but now the accelerator's sticking.
And now they're going to dismantle my accelerator before it has a chance! ...
• in one of the cases, there was a lack of periodic measurements of absorbed dose during 22 months (dedication of the physicist to a new accelerator resulted in neglecting the Co-60 unit);
It would take decades of work by thousands of scientists in a particle accelerator powered by dump trucks of flaming grant money!
With a circumference of 27km,the accelerator will be the world’s largestsupraconducting installation and will be ableto probe space as never before.
When he goes to warm up the accelerator tonight, I'll call for backup, you two will be out of it and it'll be over.
Only in the case of the research laboratory for French museums, the LRMF, is there an accelerator entirely dedicated to this work.
Matter of fact, do you know how many times I wished you were there with me as I rebuilt the accelerator?
These comprise a linear accelerator which has been developed to a point where it is considered to be a technical leader in this specialized area, as well as two Van de Graaff accelerators.
The clock's calibrated to link up with the accelerator 30 seconds from now.
Without going into details, it would be useful to make a few rapid observations on the characteristics of the CBNM linear accelerator (Fig.
You move that up and down with a little bit of energy but now you're only shifting the air down to the hot end and up to the cold end, down to the hot end and up to the cold end.
"You touch me, sir,--you hold me, and fast enough: I am not cold like a corpse, nor vacant like air, am I?"
I'd like to open the window: I need some air.
And that a more likely toll is somewhere in the neighborhood of 80 to 100 million people before we had commercial air travel.
Although it was still early in the morning the fresh air had something of warmth mixed in with it.
In winter, the dry leaves fly around in the air.
And the problem, the limitation of diving with air is all those dots in your body -- all the nitrogen and all the oxygen.
The air was also quite oppressive, there was no proper stairwell and the narrow steps were closed in by walls on both sides with no more than a small, high window here and there.
John is sure, that fresh air is a good thing.
The pandemic circulated three times in 18 months in the absence of commercial air travel.
He affected a brave air, and saluted with a nod those who, coming out from the lanes or from their doors, stood amidst the crowd.
And without adding another word, he emptied the purse on a neighboring post, with the air of a Roman saving his country.
Dom Claude's air was even more preoccupied than usual.
He remained silent for a moment, with a thoughtful but contented air.
'Ahem!' said the Mouse with an important air, 'are you all ready?
The bourgeois who was standing at the window opened it, appeared there in his shirt with his lamp, stared at the quay with a stupid air, uttered some words which she did not understand, and closed his shutter again.
Here the archdeacon saw Phoebus sneer, bend down to Jehan's ear, and say a few words to him in a low voice; then Phoebus burst into a laugh, and shook his head with a triumphant air.
And Varenka too seemed disgusting because of the manner in which she with her sainte nitouche [Holy unapproachable.] air made that gentleman's acquaintance, while all her thought was how to get married.
And leaning over the sculptures with the fascinated air of a demonstrator of living phenomena:
She appeared to be on her high horse to-night; both her words and her air seemed intended to excite not only the admiration, but the amazement of her auditors: she was evidently bent on striking them as something very dashing and daring indeed.
And then the text functions as this cruel anchor that kind of nails it to the ground.
Not only the anchor of hope, but the footing of fortitude was gone--at least for a moment; but the last I soon endeavoured to regain.
I needed an anchor, an image, a peg to peg this process on, so that I could go from there.
So China is becoming the anchor of the economy in the region.
When the course is laid and the anchor's weighed a sailor's blood begins racing
In 1994 monetary and credit indicators used as nominal anchor.
- Nay, it'll float... we can moor it to the anchor and pick it up later.
Large ships often have to ride at anchor outside the port, frequently in severe weather conditions, before being able to enter the harbour.
Choosing an identical anchor for all re public currencies vis-à-vis the outside world would create a relatively homogeneous fixed-rate system within the area of the Soviet Union.
You don't think that anchor's going to float up out of the water, do you?
Everyone wants to hear their news anchor say, "Mister Splashy Pants."
The news anchor on channel eight? You know, the really cute one? He said it makes it an even dozen.
Outside of politics, she has had a successful career in journalism, working as a news anchor and a columnist for the newspaper Politiken.
If I keep my fingers crossed I might get a seven-second mention from that focus-group-created anchor of yours with the big hair.
I told you that I wanted to be an anchor.
And speaking of network, word on the street is they're looking for a new anchor.
Well, Joel asked me who I thought should replace me as lead anchor.
(News anchor:) Unconfirmed sources are reporting that the corporation was the target of a hacking.
Does that mean you're reconsidering your position at the anchor desk?
My husband's the anchor for channel 12 news. He can't know about it.
The lightest touch of her arm -- the touch of a hand, the touch even of a sleeve, of a garment, as she put it on -- caused excruciating, burning pain.
Harry had to back out of the competition because of a broken arm.
So we did some experiments where we saturated our poor patients with zillions of electrodes and then had them try to do two dozen different tasks -- from wiggling a finger to moving a whole arm to reaching for something -- and recorded this data.
He looks at the phantom being resurrected, because he's looking at the reflection of the normal arm in the mirror, and it looks like this phantom has been resurrected.
She fractured the radius and ulna on her left arm cracked the 10th, 11 th and 12th ribs on her left side and banged her head.
The new implant of 2002 involved the firing of a 100-pin array into the median nerve in my left arm.
Dr. Hodgins, look at the cuff - on his right arm.
At the end of the arm, instead of a hand, there was a stump.
The steering indicators show how much steering has been applied to the machine, e.g. extension of hydraulic jacks or position of the arm on a ranging drum shearer.
One share, plus 500 pieces of eight for the loss of his left arm.
Jamus has my side arm and won't let me leave till we find a way to preserve the storage device.
It has also demonstrated that customs policy has frequently been used as an arm of trade policy, thus endangering the maintenance of the system, which is vital to the functioning of the single market.
Commander, may I borrow that formidable-looking side arm of yours?
So does the cop who left his side arm in a subway bathroom.
- I said: "Give me your side arm."
An individual carrying a thing like this with a safety arm, might see someone that would be an antagonist.
Two months later, I go to another village on the same assignment and they asked me to live with the village chief.
The assignment was very difficult, requiring hours of tedious work.
Now your homework assignment is to really think about this, to contemplate what it means.
He gave us such a long assignment that we protested.
And so, the assignment to the students was, how should the steak of tomorrow be?
I can't make heads or tails of this assignment.
So, the assignment I've been given may be an insuperable obstacle for me, but I'm certainly going to try.
Usually on the first day of Introduction to Typography, you get the assignment of, select a word and make it look like what it says it is. So that's Type 101, right?
And so we went into Thurgood Marshall High School, which is a school that we had worked with on some other things, and we gave that assignment to the students.
The last question of the assignment is: how do you plan to use your life to positively impact other people?
I wanna know why you messed with my station assignment.
The composition of the chambers and the assignment of cases to them shall be governed by the Rules of Procedure.
- Sir. You are being asked to report to Cairo for assignment to war duties.
Assignment of the powers listed in this Article to its President confers on the Office a large measure of autonomy in all administrative, personnel and professional matters.
Soon we'll have new recruits and you lot will be passed along to the lord commander for assignment, and they will call you men of the Night's Watch, but you'd be fools to believe it.
Those provisions do not prescribe assignment of a case to a different formation, which would in any event be impossible where the first judgment has been delivered in plenary session.
The composition of the chambers and the assignment of cases to them shall be governed by the Rules of Procedure.
First assignment of a case to a formation of the court
The consultant shall report at quarterly intervals to the contraaing authority on the training assignment.
Assignment to the Swiss Securities Fund of immovable property directly owned by insurance undertakings
So when I stand in these legs, my hamstring and my glutes are contracted, as they would be had I had feet and were standing on the ball of my feet.
So Tom unwound the thread from one of his needles, and each boy pricked the ball of his thumb and squeezed out a drop of blood.
If you ever watch a sprinter, the ball of their foot is the only thing that ever hits the track.
Now, pivot on the ball of the left foot. Drop that heel to the ground. Turn the toes out 45 degrees.
(b) front (including the ball of the foot) and back have a covering of rubber or artificial plastic material (over a minimum of 35% of the total surface of the outer sole);
The trick to that one is to go down on one heel ball.
3. spun, scented and fermented Brazilian tobaccos pressed in skins into a ball shape (Mangotes);
And someone that comes along and says, "Look here's a ball."
An expert standing beside the box, who by the mere motion of an elbow could tell where every ball was put, made a wry face.
And then in a series of 55 balls, it reduces, proportionately -- each ball and the spaces between them reduce proportionately, until they get down to this little Earth.
Koznyshev inserted his hand in the ballot-box and placed his ball somewhere, and making way for Levin paused beside him.
This is an idea of moving a sculpture, a ball, that would be directed around the room by a computer.
Levin blushed, hastily thrust his hand under the cloth that covered the box, and, as the ball was in his right hand, dropped it on the right side.
It's balancing on a shaft and a ball, right at the center of gravity, or just slightly above the center of gravity, which means that the lower half of the object is just a little bit more weighty.
Besides, sire, I did not betray your majesty, 'twas Monsieur d'Angers; and I have on my foot a very heavy chain, and a great ball of iron at the end, much heavier than it should be in reason.
What these bees do is, they sit there. These solitary bees, they drill a hole in the ground or drill a hole in a branch, and they collect pollen and make it into a ball, and they lay an egg on it.
Everyone, concentrate on the ball and make your mind a blank.
Since this is all meant to be, let's have fun, play some ball, and be friends for life.
Incidentally, when Mr Delors goes to a football match, he will finally concern himself about the fact that the ball was made in Pakistan by a boy of 7, who works 17 hours a day and dies of tuberculosis at 15.
Oh, are á well. The Joep is still á boring when play ball?
Take foot - ball, a sport not traditionally associated with linguistic prowess, but which is replete with players who are fluent and articulate in several languages.
I remember kicking a ball on a courtyard with a concierge.
Everyone is passing the ball to somebody else, or else dribbling, and no one is responsible. Coordinated European action is needed.
And then, from there, he climbed directly up the bark until he got to the top of the tree.
"The bark I had wrote on to tell you we'd gone pirating.
So that white material that you see in between the bark and the wood is the mycelial felt of the fungus, and what it's doing -- it's actually slowly strangling the tree to death by preventing the flow of water and nutrients.
He put his hand on his jacket pocket, found his piece of bark safe, and then struck through the woods, following the shore, with streaming garments.
Tree bark is particularly good because it's nice and grainy, branchy, black-and-white splotchy and you can get the pattern-seeking -- humans are pattern-seeking animals.
So I just put the bark back in my pocket and kept mum."
The delicate white outer bark adhered to the phosphorus, and the light went out.
After weeks on its mother's milk, this calf must now adapt to adult food - bark, buds and fallen leafs.
This subheading covers plaits and similar products of unspun vegetable materials, such as straw, osier or willow, rushes, reeds, rattans, bamboo, wood strips, drawn wood, strips of vegetable fibre or bark (for example, raffia or bast).
I was always interested in what bark on a tree was made out of.
This seemed to Alice a good opportunity for making her escape; so she set off at once, and ran till she was quite tired and out of breath, and till the puppy's bark sounded quite faint in the distance.
Presently I heard Pilot bark far below, out of his distant kennel in the courtyard: hope revived.
He said he knew how to make men sit up and bark.
one bark from this red dog and you bend your neck.
Do you hear, you rabbits in the fields and the deer in the green woods too? Do you hear how the hunter blows his horn, and how the dog's bark echoes?
Why stop there? Let's get the dogs up and listen to them bark!
You said that with the testy bark of an old biddy.
She took away Dave's bark and put me on the ceiling for ten minutes.
By that time, the battle against HIV would already have been lost.
It was the hardest battle I had fought, and the first victory I had gained: I stood awhile on the rug, where Mr. Brocklehurst had stood, and I enjoyed my conqueror's solitude.
Greenpeace is fighting an uphill battle to save the environment.
This is the titanic battle between these two approaches.
But at last the battle was done, and the forces retired with weaker and weaker threatenings and grumblings, and peace resumed her sway.
And after the war he interviewed a lot of other soldiers and wrote about the experience of men in battle.
"You see, Jane, the battle is fought and the victory won."
So there's this battle between the two selves that's being fought, and we need commitment devices to level the playing field between the two.
Now the uphill battle for Ghana and for Africa is not over, but I have proof that the other side of democracy exists, and that we must not take it for granted.
In the modern day world, where time is premium and battle for subsistence is unimaginably tough, the hapless common man simply gives in and pays the bribe just to get on with life.
The battle is won, but we still have to fight it.
I think that this will be the last battle of the war.
During THE INTERVAL between dinner and the beginning of the evening party, Kitty experienced something resembling a young man's feelings before a battle.
Tom is a coward. He ran from the battle.
Dead Serbian soldiers were collected after a battle and used as barter for the return of prisoners or Bosnian soldiers killed in action.
"Friend," returned the king, "you are speaking of a battle.
Tom's army won a great victory, after a long and hard-fought battle.
It was the last battle that ended the war.
This is the term that armies use when they've lost a battle.
The others, like the rank and file before a battle, though preparing for the fight, sought distraction meanwhile.
I can't raise them on any channel, and their locator beacon's not active.
I'm not going to be able to conserve enough power to activate your beacon when the rescue ship arrives.
Can it access the homing beacon on the moon?
Your ship's re-entry was triggered by a beacon from the surface.
Mr. Paris, lay in a course for the beacon.
One of our operators on Apophis's ship will have planted a beacon... ..that will broadcast that energy signature.
The batteries are still emitting enough energy to provide a ping beacon.
And I can light up the Nutmeg like a beacon.
The birds of passage are flocking round the beacon.
In this vast expanse that is sheltered by evil and led astray, she will be the beacon of light in the darkness to the warriors of the Ori and to all who follow the true path to salvation.
In fact, Europe has a great responsibility today on this matter: the responsibility of being a beacon, a reference point for all those in difficult situations, those subjected to particular and temporary dramatic living conditions.
London, like New York, is a beacon of freedom and a target for terrorists.
An aim of this project is also to develop a "European beacon", which will transmit fuller information to passing trains (track profile etc).
You intentionally led one of our ships to that beacon, didn't you?
It is not possible to set an absolute level in the receiver system since the level of the beacon transmitted from the satellite usually undergoes a diurnal variation.
Jimmy wanted to know that no matter where I was I could look up here and see this beacon, the Watchtower.
It is seen there that the transmit power of the beacon dropped by about 0.5 dB for the duration of the exercise.
The bandits, panting like a pack of hounds who are forcing a boar into his lair, pressed tumultuously round the great door, all disfigured by the battering ram, but still standing.
He's going to be doing things with his hands that the boar would use his snout, lacking hands. Okay.
One would have pronounced him a boar amid a herd of swine.
You can say that that was the largest boar ever bagged in India.
Tell your uncle I shall see him at the meeting where he shall see "the boar" will use us kindly.
I believe we can no more trust him than trust a wild boar.
Since that boar killed his brother, every lord wants a coronation.
Seein' we got no time to send for help... and further seeing' that our sheriff's about as much use... as tits on a boar.
All that chivalry is worthless, motherfucker. Like tits on a boar hog.
During the Tynchal Hunt... I alone killed a wounded boar using just a dagger.
If you see a boar remove the safety catch and fire ahead of you.
This subheading covers the offals of animals falling within subheading 01.03 Β (for examplef offals of wild boar) as well as the offals of animals falling within heading No. 01.04.
Anyway, half a boar isn't going to serve all the guests we've invited.
Wild deer and boar flourish in an environment which is rich in flowersand birds; black storks are common. Fishing is a major activity, especially for cod and herring.
Stupid of me, but my mom cancelled. I forgot. I'd like to see how you prepared that wild boar.
Right. You light the fire. I'll rustle us up a few boar.
This subheading covers the offals of animals falling within subheading 01.03 Β (for example· offals of wild boar) as well as the offals of animals falling within heading No. 01.04.
Now think about how helpless you felt when the boar attacked you.
They have no wild boar, and they dare to call this the isle of pleasure!
They should be put on a spit and roasted like yon boar.
The guy in the bog, is he your buddy?
that you can do all of your shopping from the comfort of your own bog, if, like me, you angle the mirror towards the tele to combine two of the best things in life.
Some git starts blagging you outside the public bog, hes only up for one thing.
we can smoke in the bog with the door open.
I'm not going over there when there's a real bog here.
How you holding up? Mozzie's safehouse is a 10-by-10 underground bomb shelter in the middle of the woods surrounded by a pig farm and a bog.
He has this beautiful picture of all Irishmen sitting on the bog, drowsing and browsing.
Trees. For the paper and timber industry. Not handfuls of sphagnum moss from out of a filthy bog.
Almost 80% of the total area of the Gaeltecht is classified as "other land" viz. mountain, bog and marshland.
I hope Absalon won't come across the bog.
And don't worry, I won't disappear into the bog.
If you go through the bog, he may go around it.
With her dead and cold in the bog, is it not enough to return one monster's head?
The men gathered at the bar, and one early morning they dumped the beast in the bog where it sank with a wretched roar.
You can dump him in the bog next to everyone else.
But I can give you much more than just the bounty.
Then came word that a private foundation in Iran had increased toe bounty on Salman Rushdie.
So we thank You, Lord, for this bounty we are about to receive that we may share it with those in need.
The European Union deeply regrets the announced increase in the bounty offered to his assassins by a private Iranian organization.
Ed, don't tell me, did you put that bounty on the computer or...
Back home most of us would kill rattlesnakes whether there was a bounty on them or not.
I begin to see why his bounty is so high.
But the bounty I seek will make me more powerful than ever.
You can be the one to claim the bounty.
If you want to put a bounty on someone.
- Thank you, universe, for your bounty, beauty, and your love.
For this food which we are about to receive from your bounty.
Thank you, Lord, for this bounty you have placed before us.
My king, my sovereign, my dread lord I beg you to forgive your miserable servant your humble, worthless, thoughtless servant who deserves so little and by your bounty and your grace was given so much.
It's just that once people see the love and bounty that we share they never want to leave us.
Bless us, Lord, for these thy gifts which we are about to receive from thy bounty,
As always, I'll be spending it giving thanks for the bounty of secrets I've harvested from you this year.
There is an Indian greeting, which I'm sure some of you know: "Namaste," accompanied by a respectful bow, which, roughly translated means, "That which is of God in me greets that which of God is in you."
They still had not arrived at the top, however, when the painter up above them suddenly pulled the door wide open and, with a deep bow, invited K. to enter.
The Japanese do not always make a bow as a mark of respect.
There is no better way to show people that you're not serious than to tie up everything you have to say about ethics into a little package with a bow and consign it to the margins as an ethics course.
On the contrary a child can kill a bear,' he said, making room, with a slight bow, for the ladies who were coming up to the side-table with the hostess.
If I don't have a bow, I can't play the violin.
And if you pull the cords under the knot, you will see that the bow orients itself along the transverse axis of the shoe.
But he got through safely, though cruelly scared, and got a fine round of applause when he made his manufactured bow and retired.
She wrapped the gift in white tissue paper and put a big red bow on top.
If you pull the strands at the base of the knot, you will see that the bow will orient itself down the long axis of the shoe.
And finally, the bow of the Titanic, without movie stars, photographed by Emory Kristof.
Quickly he loosed the stern line and climbed into the boat by the bow.
So I guess that's their version of a warning shot across our bow.
Now, if we consider that the bow is the part of the hull most exposed to collision, running aground and the force of the waves at sea, it is easy to see how vulnerable it is.
He contacted air traffic control and told them this was a demonstration; a shot across the bow,so to speak.
Out on the ocean they soon appear, riding of the bow as predicted.
Fire a phaser over their bow. Get their attention.
Then as the bow sinks it pulls the stern vertical and then finally detaches.
Later with the camera protected inside it's underwater housing, and positioned directly beneath the Odyssey's bow it's time to film Dolphins.
Sicking Lee on the quorum is only gonna be seen as a shot across the bow.
Man: No, they just had to conform to the movement of the bridge.
Come, Eustache!" And she set out on a run along the quay towards the Grève, until she had left the bridge far behind her.
She was there for the buses in Montgomery, the hoses in Birmingham, a bridge in Selma, and a preacher from Atlanta who told a people that "We Shall Overcome." Yes, we can.
The women stopped on the bridge, inquisitively scrutinizing the calèche.
Have you ever jumped from a bridge into the sea?
I don't have to worry about the bridge to where at my age.
At the foot of the hill beyond the bridge begins a roadway, planted with young aspens, that leads in a straight line to the first houses in the place.
The bridge is designed to open in the middle.
But in assuming this responsibility and going about it as you have, you have become a bridge between an older and traditional society and the one that you are now creating at the paper.
With the bridge destroyed, there was nothing to do but swim.
Thomas Edison also said, "When you see everything that happens in the world of science, and in the working of the universe, you cannot deny that there's a captain on the bridge."
Nobody on deck watch, and no one on the bridge.
The navigating bridge is considered to be an area that meets the requirements of the first subparagraph.
I'm sorry, sir, but you're not issuing orders on this bridge anymore.
Teddy: The only thing this is evidence of Is that this dude sells some top-shelf bud.
Okay, okay, bud and X are good.
I have clients who bring me briefcases filled with cash, and I hand them identical briefcases with vacuum-sealed bud.
Come on, man, let's go drop off that bud.
A rose is sweeter in the bud than full blown.
This bud of love, by summer’s ripening breath, may prove a beauteous flower when next we meet.
Calculated to harvest each bud when its psychoactive component is at its absolute apex.
So, if statistics is the bud waiting to flower, what is the role of official statisticians?
This bud of love, by summer's ripening breath, may prove a beauteous flower when next we meet.
Oliver, now you're just hurting my feelings, bud.
"'a flower once bloomed will hold to the vine, while a bud will fall.
"A flower once bloomed will hold to the vine, while a bud will fall. "
Then suddenly one day a bud sprouted from the wood.
Now, you know cotton is ready when the bud splits... and the boll is star-shaped... like a big ol' star in the sky.
We also have things about how to make the bun.
- No, but I'd like a bun ifl may?
And the same thing's gonna happen to all of you... unless you find the sausage and the bun.
I'm sure there's some kind of smushed bun out there waiting for me.
Should I make a tourniquet out of a hot dog bun and a twig?
You'll come back with a smile on your face and a bun in the oven.
And now you and your stupid, useless bun have fucked us all.
Every patty, every bun, every ounce of secret sauce is produced here and then shipped out, almost daily, to nearly 1800 locations in the 50 states.
Two. Yeah, I'd like a turkey burger and a second turkey burger, but with no bun.
By this time tomorrow, we're all gonna be 5 inches deep in some bun, son.
You would rather have a school teacher... who has her hair in a bun... enjoys watering her plants and has dinner, at 6 o'clock sharp.
Oh, who was that lady that you went dressed as, with the big brow face with the bun?
And then the one with the bun on her head... oh, she stood over me while she posed for a picture doing this.
I'm sorry. But that... bun is driving me crazy.
No, you, that's old fashioned. You gotta look really straight, you have your hair back in a bun, you dress with high heels, oh it's...
I can make you a bun if you want.
When I found out that there are a whole bunch of industries that didn't have copyright protection, I thought, "What exactly is the underlying logic?
Today, you need to do a complicated laboratory procedure, create a bunch of microscope slides and have a trained person examine it.
And then we do a whole bunch of stuff to them, and with those therapies, we get them to live, on average, to their fifth birthday.
So, in a year's worth of learning we found a bunch of surprises.
Yes, they do a whole bunch of other stuff, but they're very good at this.
In Kenya, in Zambia, and a bunch of countries, there's been testing in random samples of the population.
Here's something where we're sort of integrating a bunch of different capabilities here.
Volunteers flew in, added a whole bunch of devices, and for the next 12 months, mesh networks were the only wireless that was happening in New Orleans.
And he started looking at interesting newcomers that don't have a lot of links, that suddenly get a bunch of links in the last 24 hours.
So in that 18 minutes, or 10 minutes, or five minutes, you have to convey a whole bunch of different characteristics.
Tom snuck out and surreptitiously bought Mary a big bunch of flowers for their wedding anniversary.
Tell her I'm on a committee, and that Hugo will pick her up. He'll have a bunch of white roses.
Esther was holding onto a bunch of wood violets that I'd picked for her.
Not to be a downer, but it's a little late to go home with a bunch of orchids...
Solis, go buy me a bunch of flowers for that chick.
Boyar, if it catches and blooms, in may I'll bring a whole bunch.
When you get here, walk into a florist and buy a bunch of flowers.
I don't think he knows this, but I came home from work one day, and he was sitting on my doorstep with a bunch of calla lilies, and he must have been there for hours, because he was on the phone with his mom,
So I stopped on the way to her house one day, at the empty lot, and I picked up a bunch of dandelions.
The little girl was carrying a bunch of pink carnations when she was killed.
So at the moment of conception, they're doing little butt exercises.
The dog can sniff your butt, if you like, when he wants to.
He's a 78 year-old farmer who suffered from -- how should I say it? -- it's called pain in the butt.
In the space of about two seconds, Albert had the knife between the cartilage of the tail, right next to the butt of the lamb, and very quickly the tail was gone and in the bucket that I was holding.
Now we have to picture Alan Greenspan in a black leather corset, with a butt tattoo that says, "Whip inflation now."
Yes, we put "sniff butt" on queue.
In case you don't comprende, that's the authority to waste your butt.
And I'm funny enough to kick you upside the butt!
You! We're gonna keep you here, and we're just gonna keep workin' your butt off.
You can't get that living at home with your mama wiping your butt.
When a man gives a gift from the goodness of his heart like you gave me that butt, I remember it from the heart.
Hasse, get the cigarette butt from my coat pocket.
I was just smoking a butt while I was waiting.
Hey, scum suck, you throw that butt at me?
Maybe by starting a fire with a butt we found in the bathroom, near the sensors.
You know, people denounce you. If you throw a butt on the ground, you have to pay 50 quid.
The whole town smokes American tobacco and there's not a single butt on any of the boats.
And I bet your daughter had to bring me that canteen without telling you.
My canteen had sprung a leak, and I was thirsty.
You will fill your canteen and repeat all 12 miles of the march.
Mother, do you know where that old canteen is?
All cadets will appear with canteen, blanket and weapon at 8:00 tomorrow morning prepared to march!
excuse me. Can I have your canteen, so I can fill it?
First, of course, we'll fix up your arm... and set you over there in the shade... with a nice canteen full of water.
Tarn, you forgot the med kit, so you've got to go back and get it. Take a rifle, two clips of ammo and a canteen.
Mom, do you know where my canteen is?
Talking to your canteen. Aren't you afraid your bottle'll get jealous?
I don't care what you do elsewhere, but the canteen is right next door here and I'm supposed to make sure that you guys abide by the regulation.
Putting nutrition education into practice in the canteen itself requires high motivation and close cooperation between the teachers (of natural sciences in most cases) and the kitchen and administrative staff.
That fucking fat black bastard in the fucking canteen, you fucking know who.
In the particular case of the Publications Office, the OSPs emphasized the urgency of providing a new canteen which would comply with current health and safety regulations and have sufficient capacity for staff numbers at the Publications Office after the accession of the new Member States.
We'll all meet up at midday in the canteen for a drink to mark the new year.
Special facilities for the workforce (recreation rooms, washrooms, canteen, etc.)
Wanna go to the canteen, to wash down your troubles, as they say?
On the other hand, there is (as before) a larger group who recognize that there are problems (eg the planning of the new canteen) but question the effect iveness of committees, etc.
You pretend that you are going to the canteen, but you end up in the laundry.
The community facility that women would have most liked was a canteen.
We mix and match what we know about the metaphor's source, in this case the sun, with what we know about its target, Juliet.
And in this case I might decide I'm going to put -- I'll put mouths on the limbs.
The first case comes from the Bay of Fundy.
This is a case where the software now builds its own hardware, and that's the notions that we have with biology.
And a clear case of that, was something that happened in London in the year 2000.
But I think sometimes they don't use them when they're designing buildings. Here's a case in point.
And that, I think, is a great case study, a great lesson in the power, the marvelous, kind of unplanned emergent, unpredictable power of open innovative systems.
And this to me is an extreme case of the power of emotion, of graphic design, even though, in fact, was a very generic poster at the time.
Case in point, an oil change for the pan of brownies in the backseat.
Lambrias (PPE). - (EL) Mr President, neither wishful thinking nor theoretical, and in any case ambiguous analyses will suffice to deal with the regeneration of the phenomena of racism and xenophobia.
So he said somebody took them out of his case when he had left it in the car for a few minutes.
Which of us, on going away for a few days, has not stood perplexed before his open case, wondering what else to put in it ?
He went out several times last night in the rain, carrying his sample case.
The player is entrusted with a secret mission — to hand over a case and its extremely valuable contents to a local contact person.
Can you shove this in your small case just for now and give me it when we get on the plane to use in London?
Why don't you go over and look at the screen — it's not every day you can look inside a case without opening it".
The only way you can help your family is to give me that case.
The player is entrusted with a secret mission – to hand over a case and its extremely valuable contents to a local contact person.
Listen, if you're not going to use that case, let me have it.
We just want to see what's in the case.
And so that's the basic thing doctors are trained to do, and it's miraculous in the case of infectious disease -- how well it works.
Eventually, K. did stop following, he did not want to worry the old man too much, and he also did not want to frighten him away completely in case the Italian turned up after all.
What you said is also true of this case.
And that's the case all over the world, as you can see from these stars.
Each case is examined separately, the court is very painstaking.
As is often the case with him, he left his textbook at home.
That's no longer the case. Logging roads provide access to urban areas.
That's wrong, anyone can call himself 'great' if he wants to, of course, but in this case only the usage of the court can make that distinction.
As is often the case with educated people, he likes classical music better than popular music.
And in my case, when I hit send, up to 60,000 people will receive that message in a matter of seconds.
So we wanted to try to find a way to make a stronger briquette so that we could compete with wood charcoal in the markets in Haiti.
Compared to the sugarcane charcoal, where we actually have to teach people how to form it into briquettes and you have the extra step of cooking the binder, this comes pre-briquetted.
It had three chemicals we were really surprised to see: sulfur, potassium nitrate and charcoal.
But one of the things that we found was when we did side-by-side comparisons with wood charcoal, it didn't burn as long. And the briquettes crumbled a little bit, and we lost energy as they fell apart as they were cooking.
For god's sa,take some charcoal or something,son.
In France and Italy, activities and products once based on oak (charcoal, firewood, etc.) have declined.
Hunters used to put charcoal in their boots so the badger would think it had crushed the bone.
Wood and articles of wood; wood charcoal, excluding heading Nos 44.06 and 44.07
I saw a Masai native working once using charcoal on a big hollow stone.
How can one even think of supporting a project under which iron is supplied for the Community's motor-car industry by felling enormous regions of rain forest to procure charcoal for its extraction?
I know Bill Joy was talking to you about the wonders of carbon nanotubes, so I'm going to talk to you about the wonders of carbon macro-tubes, which is charcoal.
Upon the furnace were accumulated in disorder, all sorts of vases, earthenware bottles, glass retorts, and mattresses of charcoal.
In addition, the revenue generated from that charcoal is 260 million dollars.
What we wanted to do was we wanted to find a way to harness this waste resource and turn it into a fuel that would be something that people could easily cook with, something like charcoal.
Now one of the reasons why there are so few trees is this: people need to cook, and they harvest wood and they make charcoal in order to do it.
You'll find families like this who go out into the forest to find a tree, cut it down and make charcoal out of it.
And you can make a very thick, sticky porridge out of it, which you can use to bind together the charcoal briquettes.
So what is this? This is corncobs turned into charcoal.
And he's looked at the problem of the health impacts of burning wood versus charcoal.
Most of the characteristic char-grilled taste doesn't come from the wood or the charcoal.
DH: But wait, Barry, there's still one more club lying there by my foot.
She has fallen so low as to sing at a third-rate night club.
BF: From my foot, I'll attempt to kick the seventh club. Here we go.
DH: I got that -- to reach down and grab that club in my grip of steel.
Get the damn club away from him and get the girls into their outfits.
And there are others here in Shushan. Not soldiers, but they can swing a club or an ax. Then we'll arm them to, Tobiah.
It makes you want to get your club out and have a bash yourself.
Now, remember, for distance you gotta gently but firmly grip the club.
I was just on my way to the club to try out a new set of irons, and I must have started thinking about Ben.
So that guy in the club the other night, what'd you say to him?
And where was he earning it from? From a little club in India.
It was the gambler Myaskin whom he knew, returning from the club.
Tom can go hear Mary sing at that club whenever he wants to.
See, we're a secret club with a secret handshake.
The doctor whom Levin had fetched, and whom he had found at a club, was not the one who had hitherto attended Nicholas, with whom the patient was dissatisfied.
I wonder if exchange students can join this club.
But we also, in that period of time, added two more members to the nuclear club: Pakistan and North Korea.
I would never want to belong to any club that would have someone like me for a member.
It's more like joining a club where you pay dues every year.
Having conducted his sister-in-law to his house, where he found Kitty cheerful and quite all right, Levin went off to the club.
I went to my coach: "Please, don't make me do this."
The coach had gone on again when suddenly Monsieur Homais leant out through the window, crying—
It was reported that a coach collided with an SUV on the motorway last week.
I can remember speaking to a 12-year-old boy, a football player, and I asked him, I said, "How would you feel if, in front of all the players, your coach told you you were playing like a girl?"
The barking of dogs proved that the coach was passing through the village, and only the empty fields, the village before him, and he himself walking solitary on the deserted road, were left.
A good coach is like a father to his players.
Below is what most swimmers will find enables them to do what I did, which is going from 21 strokes per 20-yard length to 11 strokes in two workouts with no coach, no video monitoring.
There alone, inside that coach on the other side of the road, so rapidly receding from him, was the one possible solution of that riddle which had been weighing on him so painfully of late.
When I got there, I was forced to sit to rest me under the hedge; and while I sat, I heard wheels, and saw a coach come on.
At a distance of forty paces along the road on which he was walking he saw a coach with four horses abreast and luggage on top approaching him.
We passed through several towns, and in one, a very large one, the coach stopped; the horses were taken out, and the passengers alighted to dine.
I was stiff with long sitting, and bewildered with the noise and motion of the coach: Gathering my faculties, I looked about me.
At last the guard returned; once more I was stowed away in the coach, my protector mounted his own seat, sounded his hollow horn, and away we rattled over the "stony street" of L-.
The coach was only a bait for those fools!
When the marshal wakes up, tell him the coach was robbed.
When he holds up the coach he's not gonna get the money.
If you're going toward the inn, may I offer you a place in my coach?
You, climb up there and when the coach arrives, you whistle.
i put the cases on the coach, madam.
My behavior in the coach... it must've seemed strange.
On the ground-floor are three Ionic columns and on the first floor a semicircular gallery, while the dome that crowns it is occupied by a Gallic cock, resting one foot upon the "Charte" and holding in the other the scales of Justice.
The cock crows. The sound made by him is "cock-a-doodle-doo."
Probably don't know the difference between a hen and a cock.
If you make a fucking bet with Steve you fucking pay Steve when his fucking cock wins.
I have heard the cock, that is the herald to the morn, doth, with his lofty and shrill-sounding throat, awake the god of day.
There by the bells there is a stone and I'm the only one who can read it And on the fence the red cock Who once had been in your heart
That girl, Jacqueline, half latin, you know, creeping along the deck, pistol in full cock.
He said, in the latter part of the twentieth century "the lone cock would crow no more."
The Famous Cock, The Cross Hands, The Good Companions,
You're the best cock in the fight, Alex.
- Like you have a cock between your legs!
The fact that you don't have a cock won't make you an exception.
Napoleon had a cock like this, you've seen the paintings?
Just raise your arms, and straight to the cock.
I forgot you've been sucking his cock these days.
She's not sure if what she's got in her hand is a cock or a racquet.
Hold on to your cock when you negotiate with these desert people.
Sorry, but your gun's like your cock.
This moolanyan must have an MX missile instead of a cock, he gets up so high.
That all that matters to them: the cock!
It's a sort of Ann Landers' column writ large.
This is their newspaper, the "Straight-Up News," that has an ongoing column from Mayor Gavin Newsom in both languages -- English and Spanish.
So when we did this, we indeed, for the first time, saw these ghost-like structures: electrical objects appearing within the neocortical column.
Who knows? The New York TimesSelect, the op-ed page, asked me to do a column, and they said, you can do whatever you want.
OK. When I was offered the Times column six years ago, the deal was like this: you'll be sent the coolest, hottest, slickest new gadgets.
The job, though, came with one small downside. And that is: they intended to publish my email address at the end of every column.
And once you have that, you can actually begin to build the neocortical column.
But, in fact, you can start, even though we haven't trained this neocortical column to create a specific reality.
I have been accused of using this column to direct bitter diatribes at the opposite sex.
Since the beginning of November 1995, Mr. Söderman has contribLited a regular column to the weekly newspaper The European.
Unbeknownst to me at the time, because we had only seen the outside, the surfaces were continuing to fold themselves, to grow on the inside of the column, which was quite a surprising discovery.
The doctor's observatory rose above the labyrinth like a great isolated column, with a tiny house for a capital.
Each column is effectively a hybrid of two columns.
The Roman layer, which is the most ancient and deepest, is occupied by the round arch, which reappears, supported by the Greek column, in the modern and upper layer of the Renaissance.
So instead, we decided to take the column, and we decided to build it as a layered model, made out of very many slices, thinly stacked over each other.
The outside of the pulpit's balustrade was covered in green foliage which continued down to the column supporting it, little angels could be seen among the leaves, some of them lively and some of them still.
You may be born lucky, where you know how to master your neocortical column, and you can play a fantastic symphony.
When K. happened to turn round he also saw a tall, stout candle attached to a column not far behind him.
So there was only one possibility -- to bring the column out of the computer.
I looked towards the knoll: there he lay, still as a prostrate column; his face turned to me: his eye beaming watchful and keen.
What changes the world is communication, not information.
Communication walls, I don't have to tell you -- the Internet -- have come tumbling down.
Candidness and transparency, information and communication are the basis of mutual trust.
If the space I'm sending it in is not effective, that communication can't happen.
The root of the problem is a lack of communication between departments.
Communication between people, on the other hand, is far more complex and a lot more interesting because we take into account so much more than what is explicitly expressed.
Although communication and excommunication sound similar, they have absolutely nothing to do with one other.
So unlike traditional magic, it uses the power of words, linguistic deception, non-verbal communication and various other techniques to create the illusion of a sixth sense.
What changes the world is communication, not information.
The automobile becomes, then, an appliance, not in a commodity sense, but an appliance, mobile power, mobile platform for information and computing and communication, as well as a form of transportation.
My staff intercepted a communication about the movement of a certain asset, and then when I deduced that asset was you, I couldn't pass up on the opportunity.
This subcategory includes: - network services by one carrier to another when a communication originating in a carrier's territory must travel through another carrier's network to reach its destination
This was the last sane communication that I received from my baby girl. My daughter.
The paying authority (AMS Financial Services) and the ESF Council areresponsible for the communication of irregularities to the Labour Market Board, which transmits them to OLAF.
Because the last communication we got from World Power... was an automated report of a catastrophic oscillation.
(b) “traffic data” means any data processed for the purpose of the conveyance of a communication on an electronic communications network or for the billing thereof;
We have been honoured with a communication from His Majesty... which concerns you principally.
Communication would break down if interchanging partners did not follow agreed standards, leading them from an intolerable mountain of paper documents to an electronic 'Tower of Babel', especially in international EDI.
The last communication I had from the Joint Chiefs... said that he'd been "informed."
Last communication between the Vegas had one of them in the area, the other on the far side of the Villa.
But it's not a crazy concern, OK, because understanding behavior can lead to a kind of empathy, and it can make it a little harder to deliver tough love, and so on.
Many industrialists have expressed their concern about the economy.
So a plague outbreak in Surat, India becomes not an obscure event, but a globalized event -- a globalized concern that has changed the risk equation.
Our big concern at the moment is a virus called H5N1 flu -- some of you call it bird flu -- which first emerged in southern China, in the mid-1990s, but we didn't know about it until 1997.
The next concern was whether I would walk again, because I was paralyzed from the waist down.
Out of that broader study has emerged a concern and an ambition, crystallized in the wish that I'm about to make to you.
Ron and his team in Ottawa began to crawl the web, only crawling 20,000 different websites, mostly periodicals, and they read about and heard about a concern of a lot of children who had high fever and symptoms of bird flu.
For a man of such remarkable powers, you show very grave concern for those light forces observing us so closely.
Maria, my beloved sister with deep concern I have heard of your distress
Finally, 1 come to a point which causes us some concern and which has led us to table an amendment. I refer to the proptxsal put forward in paragraph 17 for formal ratification of trade agreements by the European Parliament.
He'll take over eventually, I assume, when he does, I want to make sure he's the master of a modern going concern.
Recently concern has been raised about the environmental impact of such waste on natural water resources, and the pressure is on fish farmers to remove the solid matter before the waste is discharged.
Well, forgive me, I know a man who runs a great concern.
Electors: employees aged 18 years or over who have been working in lhe concern for al leasl àree months.
With its central concern of optimizing access to vocational training, the installed network sees itself primarily as an education broker.
This means both that itmay extend beyond the occupational field, and that this will remain the chief concern wherework is the principal social activity.
This in turn has been reflected by increased professional concern at the institutional level.
For many years newspaper presses have been shared by a number of papers, either belonging to one concern or to cooperating companies.
A concern in the North of the Community is that the low wage levels, the comparatively underdeveloped social welfare systems, and the inferior conditions of employment in the South could become a threat to living standards and working conditions in the North.
A decision along these lines, taken on 19 October by Eurostat, the EU's statistical office, is of particular concern to Portugal, but it also applies to all EU Member States in a similar situation.
He was the conductor of the Gothenburg Symphony Orchestra, and he's an unbeatable example for young musicians in Latin America and the world.
My picture appears on the front of the CD -- -- but the conductor doesn't make a sound.
I, as the conductor, have to come to the rehearsal with a cast-iron sense of the outer architecture of that music, within which there is then immense personal freedom for the members of the orchestra to shine.
They opened their scores, the conductor gave the downbeat, and boom, they launched into the Kyrie from the "Requiem" by Mozart.
And I find myself now in the unlikely position of standing in front of all of you as a professional classical composer and conductor.
He became the conductor of Venezuela's junior orchestras, and today conducts the world's greatest orchestras.
I am a conductor, and I'm here today to talk to you about trust.
Maybe for the same reason that occasionally... a musician wants to be a conductor.
As yet, no measurements have been taken but conductor, orchestral players, singers and audience seem impressed with the acoustic performance of the house.
Here was this brilliant conductor in purple bikini briefs with no bangs cursing his ass off in Finnish.
It says here it's probably just a loose conductor in the electrical panel.
Contact with a conductor - in this case the human body - results in an electrical discharge.
Acting as a dimensional conductor the tower will create multiple gravity portals which will harvest the echo's mass and convert it into pure electromagnetic energy.
Notes on the problem of heat transmission in an insulated conductor (3rd Report of the MSHC, Annex IX, November 1966);
That's a conductor, mate, used in place of C4 explosive.
The invention relates to magnetic coils the conductor of which is completely asymmetrical in relation to the bore.
Water will act as a conductor, allowing me to enter your mind to know everything you know to see and understand everything that you've learned in a thousand years.
These preventive measures are taken when the conductor cannot be replaced by the actual structure of the machine.
Salt water is a great conductor of electricity. 8th Grade physics
The conductor assembly was screened and precautions were taken so as to avoid any electrical effect on the measurement circuits especially from the furnace heating current.
Then why don't you call the conductor and tell him your story?
She thought she should travel all over theworld and do something about all the rubbish and pollution. -“Next station Stockholm”, the conductor announced.She got off the train and started walking towards the centre of town.
Oh... the banjo-playing conductor was missing a finger, but he made up for it with his can-do attitude. No, hang on.
It wasn't: "It's chain-snatching season, so if you see something, yell for a transit cop, the conductor." No.
- Maybe he could have got on -- on at Vincovci -- yes, yes -- disguised as a conductor, then into Mrs. Hubbard's compartment with a stolen pass key, and left in the kimono.
We got the conductor to sign on, but we have to give him--
- It was overbooked but the conductor used to be a sommelier at the old Versailles.
Oh, my father was never home, he was a conductor on the Chicago North-Western.
Conductor don't like it Says you're wasting your time
At every station, the conductor drains the melted seawater off of them.
Secondly you need skills, the mundane skills of the construction sector.
And one must be master of all the principles of hygiene in order to direct, criticize the construction of buildings, the feeding of animals, the diet of domestics.
The new library has been under construction since last year.
So, as you can imagine, this was a paradigm shift in the survey and construction as well as in reality capture industry.
These mighty buildings, whose mode of formation and vegetation we have elsewhere explained, had not simply foundations, but, so to speak, roots which ran branching through the soil in chambers, galleries, and staircases, like the construction above.
The construction of a highway will contribute to the growth of the suburbs.
And we love this, because I love construction now, because we're watching these things actually happen.
'Es ist ein ganz einfaches Ding,' [Oh, yes! It is quite a simple thing.] and he began to explain the construction of the machine.
The construction of the dam created an artificial lake that destroyed a whole ecosystem.
And we've already started construction on section two.
So which verbs go in which construction -- the problem with which I began -- depends on whether the verb specifies a kind of motion or a kind of possession change.
This is a construction of a man named [Gaston] Julia and [Pierre] Fatou.
So a tempting generalization for a child, for an adult, for a computer is that any verb that can appear in the construction, "subject-verb-thing-to-a-recipient" can also be expressed as "subject-verb-recipient-thing."
It's the physical construction of improved spaces and materials and experiences for teachers and students.
It's exactly the same construction, but no muffins, no mice, nothing moving at all.
And I wonder if some of you will notice the construction of the sentence from "The Great Gatsby."
We have gone through the stages of simulation, design, computing, preparing the construction of the first prototype.
Taking responsibility for the construction of the settlement and the safety of my crew, was the greatest honor I'd ever had,
This construction continued to be used for a time even after the BGB came into force, see SERICK I, s. 4 II 1 with further references in footnote 22.
There is no scarring on the planet surface that would denote heavy construction of any kind.
I noticed in Morpheus' early work there's a synthetic cubist spatial construction reminiscent of de Kooning.
In this way we hope that unplanned ideas will be reflected spontaneously, favouring a creative process In the construction of the units, and by so doing giving a greater comprehension and meaning to the learning contents.
I have to do a paper on dramatic construction.
The first phase of the SLIM exercise concentrated on the following four sectors: INTRASTAT (system for collecting statistics on intra-Community trade), construction products, recognition of qualifications, and ornamental plants.
It happens to be a unique construction of the bacteria E Coli.
In this case it is more difficult to define the standard jobs done because these are closely linked to the intended construction project and therefore vary from building site to building site.
(f) predesign and possibly commencement of the detailed engineer ing design of NET (Next European Torus) and technological developments required for its design and construction as well as those needed in the longer term for the fusion reactor;
Number of test pieces The test is applied to four pieces of identical construction and the same nominal thickness.
The manufacturer must describe the composition of the material and mark each of the faces in relation to the construction of the product.
As this process of construction has developed, the question of legitimacy has become more and more acute.
Now, that conversion can be traumatic, not only for ourselves, our souls, but for those around us.
It is an issue of major importance in many European countries to intensify the study of opportunities and obstacles of defence restructuring in order to optimize the process of industrial conversion.
Is conversion not an ability but a necessity, İbrahim?
II The conversion and possible enrichment of the uranium and fuel manufacture.
- Since the conversion, that's the name that Jefferson Keane chose for himself.
Stronger cooperation will enhance the scope of a European level debate on the issues of defence restructuring, conversion, and, in this context, security.
Your chances of conversion are slim, but I'd like to put you on three anti-viral medications.
Economic policy What are the inter-relations between different economic strategies, at the level of enterprises, regions, national economies and the international level, and conversion?
And are you willing and able and freely consenting to all that this conversion entails?
On the assumption that a large Community enrichment capacity is set up, it may be attractive to carry out the conversion of the concentrate into UFe in the vicinity of the isotope enrichment facility.
But insulin accelerates the conversion of calories into fat.
Well, yeah, because of this condo conversion.
This is a complex topic, dependent on the treatment the wastepaper receives at all stages in the 'paper chain' - original manufacture, coating, conversion, printing, end use, collection and separation and reuse.
It speeds up the conversion of glycogen into glucose.
Conversion of post of Head of Division in the Committee on Budgets and Committee on Budgetary Con trol from A3 to A2.
The conversion of pure electrical energy into the biological variety that flows through the human body.
Text to speech conversion systems have been developed which take into account prosodie parameters and the same types of sentences have been synthesized for different European languages.
They didn't just make you a puppet, they did a full conversion.
These criteria include, on the one hand, the prices at which competing sources of energy are being offered and their efficiencies and, on the other hand, the cost that the consumer incurs for the conversion of the energy delivered by the supplier into useful energy.
As well as the voluntary shuttering of your fund and conversion of it to a family office.
You killed the wrong coon and was going to take it out on me.
Jungle bunny, jigaboo, coon, pickaninny, mau-mau
If he don't have to let some Alabama coon come up to Missouri steal his chickens and his job, we'd much prefer that.
I mean, you're kind of a high-yellow coon?
Do you think I want that dusky coon roaming these halls?
But what gets me is, I'm drivin' an old Chevvy and when I see a coon riding' around in a white Cadillac...
I really enjoy having you be a part of coon and friends and I certainly appreciate your on-time paying of dues and fees.
This is definitely a job for coon and friends.
- The coon must be able to signal his friends when a huge catastrophe breaks out.
- So there's a big superhero out there doing stuff on his own and he's not part of coon and friends.
As people cheered for the Coon, he clawed and punched the villain's stupid, fat face.
- Why do we have to be called coon and friends?
Something big is about to happen and it is up to coon and friends to stop it.
Rip, don't want to doubt your word, but there ain't no coon up there.
- Gentlemen, my attempts to recruit captain hindsight into coon and friends have been unsuccessful, but I believe I've come up with a solution.
I get that you're half-man and half-Berry and that you're crunchy with some mint, but to be a part of coon and friends, you have to have a clear and more superhero kind of identity.
Since I'm always liking to solve problems, I gave myself the problem of turning a crank in one direction, and solving all of the mechanical problems for getting this little man to walk back and forth.
When I turn the crank and I apply pressure, it makes a sound like a barking dog.
Everybody remembered the pencil-yellow crank. It's different.
Even though this wasn't the direction we went because the crank -- it really is stupid to have it on board, by the way.
The hurdy-gurdy is the only musical instrument that uses a crank to turn a wheel to rub strings, like the bow of a violin, to produce music.
We just move the crank in here, and we do it again.
I turned the crank we found in the lab, which was a mistake to do unsupervised, perhaps, now that I think about it.
You turned the projector by hand with a crank.
All day long! And it was hard, this damned crank.
This is the first guy I dated that has a crank.
The authorities have dismissed me as a crank, just like you did.
When I first got the call, I naturally dismissed it as a crank, until I realized it was the deputy mayor on the other end.
Well, it's either a crank looking for a headline, or someone on the inside telling the truth.
I had a case. Two guys on crank. Took multiple stab wounds from an 80-year-old whose birdbath they were trying to swipe.
You know how many crank tips the papers say the police get?
- So you think he was just a crank?
And I'm gonna bring the binoculars, the hand cream keep a hundred-yard radius.
What if he got some of this fuel into some hand cream, or...
Looks like his next date's gonna be with some hand cream.
No, listen, she sent me out to buy hand cream when she already had 10 jars.
My sisters are getting suspicious about their disappearing hand cream.
I treat small luxuries like hand cream as valuable indulgences to treasure.
I'll bring some spare hand cream, you just bring your smile!
- Then perhaps you should invest in some hand cream and save yourself the expense of seeing me.
Some hand cream will make them rope burns feel better.
Chef: So you take heavy, high-fat milk, which is cream, and you churn it until it separates into these curds and water.
"Then Mrs. Harper she began to cry, and said Joe was just the same, and she wished she hadn't whipped him for taking cream when she'd throwed it out her own self--"
Having finished his second cup of tea and cream and his bread and butter, he rose and went into his study.
A well-made cup of coffee should require no cream or sugar.
How would you like your coffee, black or with cream?
Tom puts a lot of sugar and cream in his coffee.
How would you like your coffee, black or with cream?
Manufacture from materials of any heading except milk or cream of heading No 0401 or 0402
The way you've been abusing yourself, I know you need a lot of milk and cream.
Important direct high price effects (contracting influence on demand) are to be found mainly in the forecasts of the consumption of beef and mutton, edible offals, cream, butter (creamery product) and cheese.
And now the tiresome chirping of a cricket that no human ingenuity could locate, began.
When the strike of the praying mantis breaks the body of the cricket, it is because of its timing.
There is no way to determine the species of the cricket without examining it.
Hey, when you come over later tonight, I have a cricket cornered under a paper cup in the living room.
I'll go as a grasshopper and you can be my cricket ladyfriend.
If you tell me your secret I won't tell anybody about the time you ate a cricket.
Senator Hawkins has taken the bait like a bluegill to a cricket.
Let's go down to the Entomology Department and let Professor Crawley tell us what kind of cricket Toby is.
You get a Series 4 De-atomizer I get a little midget Cricket?
Yeah. If my family sent me a cricket for my birthday, by the time it arrived, it would be dead.
When I was a kid, growing up in New York, I was smitten by snakes, the same way most kids are smitten by tops, marbles, cars, trains, cricket balls.
Well, he's the greatest cricketer of all time. The Muhammad Ali of fucking cricket!
We were beginning to wonder which is your hobby, writing or cricket.
His wounds will be fine soon, And sooner he will play cricket again.
Some kid gets shot playing cricket, and money is no object?
I keep thinking how much I'm going to miss the cricket in Moscow.
She's very fond of cricket, as a matter of fact.
Yeah, cricket was one of the few games he wasn't an expert in. Ah.
Well... it's not the balls-to-the-wall action of badminton or cricket, but hey... what is?
It's him. I'm gonna see about this cricket crap.
In truth, there was only one Christian, and he died on the cross.
You place the cross into the ice, in the shadow of Ausangate, the most sacred of all Apus, or sacred mountains of the Inca.
It is a cross with him, he always comes too early.
He sends a cross, but He also sends strength to bear it,' she added, to prepare him somewhat.
Human rights is also important, but it just gets one cross.
"Quite right," said the manufacturer, who was always in a hurry and could never listen to anyone for very long, "everyone has his cross to bear."
And then beyond Salcantay, of course, when the southern cross reaches the southernmost point in the sky, directly in that same alignment, the Milky Way overhead.
Each incident, each cross, later than the one before.
- The hell it is. I got to Jerusalem, and your commander started looking for a vacant cross to nail me to.
Soon that humble cross is destined to replace the proud eagles that now top the victorious Roman standards.
It's a cross betwixt a wild apple tree and two tame ones I got growing up on my farm.
Big, scary, strong, kind of like a cross between a werewolf and Charles Manson.
As regards mature cattle, it is planned to limit the scope to beef breeds and the first animals cross bred with dairy breeds.
Like a cross between Bruce Springsteen meets Mickey Rourke in a gay bar?
The accident could have been avoided if the crane driver and billet trimmers had kept their attention on the cross beam and its chain sling until the chains hung freely above the scrap pocket.
A genuine cross between a chimp and a gorilla.
Under the first, the cow must be a ‘meat’ cow, determined by its belonging to a meat breed or its origin deriving from a cross with that breed.
On an arduous cliff hill there can be found a house from the earliest Tibetan people. As the legend goes there lived a creature by the cross breeding of an ape and a devil-woman.
3. the beeffalo (a cross between a bison and a domestic beef animal).
3· the beeffalo (a cross between a bison and a domestic beef animal).
The Starship Portland and a Cardassian cruiser are still searching the Algira sector for the runabout. Well, that's not entirely bad news.
We were attacked without warning by a Ferengi cruiser.
You should know, sir, Japan is also preparing to deploy three destroyers and a light cruiser.
No, the real problem was it was a two-story drop off our cruiser.
Set down behind the cruiser, we'll approach on foot.
If I were in their position I'd have a cruiser waiting in hyperspace right now, just waiting to attack.
I hear there's a downed Republic cruiser on Vanqor.
There are no active battleships,so it would have to bea cruiser or a destroyer.
That kid destroyed an entire cruiser trying to get to you, and you're just going to let it go?
The Minbari government dispatched a second cruiser in hopes of finding the Trigati before it does any damage.
We see a cruiser, stop, take out the engine blocks, keep moving.
Listen, just to be safe we'll post a cruiser out front of your apartment all night long, all right?
No. He also wanted to know if you've been using their cruiser on your trips to Boston.
If you'd step out to my cruiser, shouldn't take but a minute.
Get in the cruiser, I'll give you a ride.
He's out back in the cruiser if you want to point and laugh.
So, um, one of my guys... new kid... got spooked by a cruiser and ran.
Andy, would you please direct everyone well behind the police cruiser?
There's a cruiser approaching at high speed on Baywood.
Cop car pulls up, guy bolts, just gone, and this sheriff steps out the cruiser.
- You bought the bow, you stupid cunt!
"These are cocksucker, motherfucker, fuck, shit, cunt, cock, and pussy."
A second-hand cunt, a fucking machine? A dirty distraction somehow obscene?
What? Did she have the stopper on her head and not in her cunt?
Every time my husband sees my cunt, he giggles.
You harder to get at than my fat wife's cunt, nigga.
This cunt is gonna be sorry she ever fuck with me.
You old dried-up cunt! Get outta my home before I give you hell!
He can't hear a fuck... Your mom's a cunt.
Yes, you say. The Cunt's gone.
I'm putting my whole life on the line, and you're sitting here, acting like some phoney white-bread cunt!
I can get him an exclusive on what it all means, the death of this cunt.
Apparently I'm missing three credits because my fucking cunt of a Glaciology Professor decided to fail the shit out of me.
I was unlucky to be born to a cunt and a loser!
She turned you down... - You called her a stupid cunt.
When you left Dr. Odier's house, she remembers you calling her "stupid cunt".
And if he dies, there isn't a man alive who could devise a more painful death for your little cunt.
Wow, even "cunt" didn't stop her.
Cunt took half my money... and the rights to my only viable book property.
And the little cunt can see what's going on!
Allow me to congratulate you on a brilliant bit of deduction.
Reasoning, deduction, common sense — The spirit and objectives of the
You see what is possible with the powers of deduction?
'Construction' it no doubt is, but based on reasoning, deduction, perfection and coordination of various legal rules or principles (vide Chapter V, Section 4).
Like any art form, the science of deduction and analysis requires years of arduous study.
My powers of deduction lead me to believe that this is the work of Gargamel.
Well, Watson. What do you say to that for a simple deduction?
To go from a collective to a single perspective is deduction.
You know, they even asked me to do one of those DOUG Chats about the science of deduction.
They are the handful of mysteries in all of my career which have eluded my powers of deduction.
I thought I'd get a nice tax deduction if I had anything to deduct it from.
10% of the average annual salary in Slovenia for the first child (the deduction isincreased by 5% of the average annual salary for each additional child).
You have to have an income to have a tax deduction.
In addition, the regulation allows medical expenses to be tax deductible: the deduction is automatically granted for expenses up to DRA 50 000, but receipts must be produced for expenses above that figure.
Any part of the consideration which is already chargeable to income tax is excluded and, similarly, the allowable expenditure is reduced by any amount which is or would be allowable as a deduction for income tax.
Compared with the system of ESOPs in the US, the system in Belgium allowing for only a 8-13% tax deduction from dividends effectively distributed is much less advan tageous.
In the longer-term, the detail will permit the consideration of a range of alternative income concepts, such as income before the deduction of tax.
Any part of the consideration which is already chargeable to income tax is excluded and, similarly, the allowable expenditure is reduced by any amount which is or would be allowable as a deduction for income tax.
It's no longer the case that the security of a country is simply a matter for its soldiers and its ministry of defense.
How can that be unless she drowned herself in her own defense?
This man comes to tell you in anger and legitimate defense he's killed a pig.
It proves beyond a shadow of doubt that even bound as he claims he was he could still have fired the shot in his own defense that killed his wife's lover.
The Coast Guard and the Army will work to implement this defense plan.
When I asked for orgenov, this ass-hole in defense ministry said he was unavailable.
Yesterday, I hacked into one of the defense attorney's systems.
Like you, Mr. Adams, we are arming ourselves for our own defense.
This is my project. And I don't want to see it end up on some defense scrap heap before we know what it's really about.
Oh, so you're a supporter of the insanity defense?
So in many ways, I think of the Copenhagen Consensus and the whole discussion of priorities as a defense for boring problems.
Suddenly and for the very first time, collective defense, the thing that has dominated us as the concept of securing our nations, is no longer enough.
You need to know that the average patent troll defense costs two million dollars and takes 18 months when you win.
And he was so full, he was so happy and so fat eating this seal, that, as I approached him -- about 20 feet away -- to get this picture, his only defense was to keep eating more seal.
But today both countries say the best defense is to attack.
This is from a BBC show called "Predators," and what we're looking at here are examples of synchrony that have to do with defense.
Bonnie Bassler discovered that bacteria "talk" to each other, using a chemical language that lets them coordinate defense and mount attacks. The find has stunning implications for medicine, industry -- and our understanding of ourselves.
The lower layer, our gut brain, has its own goals -- digestion defense -- and we have the higher brain with the goal of integration and generating behaviors.
We also have to have sensible defense, because no limitation is going to prevent a crazy person from doing something.
At that time, the defense of my country was about one thing and one thing only: how strong was our army, how strong was our air force, how strong was our navy and how strong were our allies.
We believe that the oceans were in the northern hemisphere, and this area in blue, which shows a depression of about four miles, was the ancient ocean area on the surface of Mars.
He thought he would satisfy himself on that point; so he searched around till he found a small sandy spot with a little funnel-shaped depression in it.
The current in the river smoothed out the surface of the skull and obscured the full extent of the depression fracture.
Uh, please note the slight depression within the gunshot wound, suggesting blunt force trauma.
She used alight for the depression, eye shadow to transfer the thumbprint.
You have to be certain that the bomb is already in the depression before it goes off.
At any rate, his body formed that depression which makes a perfect basin to hold the water for the antelope.
If you take into account 80 percent of all Americans were born after World War II, this is essentially our Depression.
So growth can wash away even what appears to be a great depression.
They bake, and they sew and they tell you stories about the Depression.
That man there, that's Leo Kreutzer. During the Depression he was a WPA artist.
Where am I gonna find a patron of the arts in Winnipeg... in the dead of winter, in this depression?
We at Muskeg beer are proud that Winnipeg has been chosen four years in a row by the London Times as the world capital of sorrow in the great depression.
Uh, it wasn't frontier days, it's your great-grandmother during the depression.
General Butlers services were also in demand in the United States itself in the 1930s as president Franklin Delano Roosevelt sought to relieve the misery of the depression through public enterprise and to offer regulation on corporate exploitation and misdeeds.
"In the decade of the 1930s even the great city of Metropolis... "...was not spared the ravages of the worldwide depression.
Thank you. My grandma used to pour a big glass of milk and make me drink the whole thing - 'cause she was from the Depression.
So, care to hear about our desert special?
Let's see if we can find room in there for desert.
Have dinner with me tonight, and we'll these for desert?
Um, Hank and Marie are on their way, roast chicken and potatoes for dinner, rocky road for desert, and, uh, chocolate cake, as requested.
This is the Namibian fog-basking beetle, and it's evolved a way of harvesting its own fresh water in a desert.
There is no desert, no precipice, no ocean I would not traverse with you.
They have scoured the whole desert in search of the hidden treasure.
We ran out of gas in the middle of the desert.
For emotions, we should not move quickly to the desert.
No: stillness returned: each murmur and movement ceased gradually, and in about an hour Thornfield Hall was again as hushed as a desert.
A camel is to the desert what a ship is to the sea.
If you happen to live close to the desert border, you can pretty much calculate how long it will be before you have to carry your kids away, and abandon your home and your life as you know it.
After wandering aimlessly through the desert for months, we discovered a solitary oasis.
My response is a sandstone wall made from bacteria and solidified sand, stretching across the desert.
And this is the diabolical part pulls out her diaphragm so it looks like rape.
You might have gotten your first diaphragm with milk money, but that doesn't give you the right to corrupt my daughter!
Oh, she's put on a little weight and her diaphragm is pinching.
I wouldn't crawl to you if I had a date with Mel Gibson, and you had the last diaphragm on Earth.
That's some voodoo woman who puts pins in her diaphragm. Ha ha.
She amended the complaint after I said something in passing about a pinching diaphragm within the earshot of a nun.
No, a woodpecker came in here, went into the bathroom... opened the drawer with his wing and pecked holes in your diaphragm.
I wanted to get his brain stemand his c-spine, make sure his diaphragm wasn't paralyzed.
Then on a few mornings she saves the fluid that comes out when she removes her diaphragm.
I would like to ask you to help me obtain a diaphragm.
Lila, your c.T. Shows that you have a ruptured diaphragm, So you're gonna need surgery.
- Hiatal. The stomach slides up into the chest through a tear in the diaphragm, when you lie down.
So, when we have cut the ribs, separated the diaphragm and folded back what is commonly called the rib cage,
Her stomach is herniating into her left hemithorax from a huge lac in her diaphragm.
Right now, your diaphragm is partially paralyzed, which is why you're having trouble catching your breath.
I was hooked to a respirator and they said I'd never breathe on my own again because my diaphragm was destroyed.
And yοu dο have a flabby tummy, sο we'll need tο spend sοme time strengthening yοur diaphragm.
But my sensitive ear tells me that you're not using quite as much diaphragm.
You have pancreatic fluid leakage, so I was thinking, well, maybe something was aggravating the diaphragm, which referred to the shoulder, and bam!
She is in respiratory distress, unable able to contract her diaphragm and chest muscles enough.
No, genatsvale, the society that has no color differentiation of pants, has no goal, and if there's no goal...
However, there seems to be a trend towards greater differentiation of premiums for insuring against occupational accidents and diseases.
Having developed this technique... of visual differentiation... we attached some of these cameras to balloons... that have been floated above nearly the whole town.
- more differentiation in supply and approach: need for low-level {assistent) qualification, and adapted methods of teaching
The intercellular regulatory mechanisms... especially for proliferation and differentiation.
For the future, the Netherlands expects to see increasing enlargement of the transport companies, together with further differentiation of customers' demands, sharper requirements of customer service, accelerated product innovations and particularly intensified competition.
At that rate you couldn't possibly maintain cell regulation or differentiation.
The great differentiation of the activity-based model allows the incorporation of the knowledge of experts from their fields, e.g. yield and production area developments in different production processes and Member States.
The otherness in the separation, the distancing, the differentiation from which no fusion will be possible any longer.
The question of rates and differentiation of the user charge and of charges for peripheral countries including heland is examined in this context.
The opportunity to influence, as a criterion for the differentiation of portfolio and participation investment, must apply independently of the commercial interests that such investment creates.
— Differentiation between enzootic and other forms of bovine leucosis, including histological studies of tumours.
1.3.3.1 Studies on the differentiation between the conditions of "consciousness" and "unconsciousness"
The first part of the amendment introduces a useful differentiation between the pollutant materials which are covered by the proposal regard ing the assessment and control of outdoor air quality, and other pollutant materials.
The differentiation between waste generated by household and waste generated by businesses is covered in Table 26; it does not need to be included in this table.
A¢similar option was discussed in Estonia in¢2009, but 10¢of 13 experts interviewed by the Ministry of Justice were against substance-based differentiation of offences and it was decided not to change the law.
The differentiation of business cultural values in different countries was checked by applying Mann-Whitney criteria.
In addition, the analysis of eye movement and blink activity greatly supports the differentiation between the waking state, stage 1, and REM sleep.
The main question which arises now is whether all villages will enjoy similar upgrading or whether the differentiation between the Improvement Boards and Authorities in small villages will remain.
A first attempt at standardisation (15 to 64 years) was therefore not very successful in respect to both the genderspecific differentiation and the time-series or it was calculated using other sources (population statistics).
Sir, I got the digit right here and the medics are on their way.
The citizens pay him with gold or with their hands, one digit at a time.
Vessel spasms that constrict blood flow to a digit, creating that blue hue... that's triggered by direct cold and stressful situations.
Then next time, charge him by the digit.
It's either that, the old boy's place and we lose a digit daily.
Each Kazon sect I meet would cut one digit off, send me away.
So, what we need now is a digit and a tiny titty to prove it.
Nine of the finest craftsmen the world will ever know lost digit, limb and life in the process of carving these glorious pillars.
Yes, that's the blood spurting from my severed digit.
The good lawyers at Dewey, Cheatham and Howe got me a million bones for every digit I lost.
If each of you would call out a single digit between zero and nine, that will be the four-digit number that I'll square.
A number of measures are dealt with by means of an additional four-digit code. The first digit usually indicates the type of measure and the others are for further subdivisions.
There's a letter, a digit, three letters, and two digits.
Where the digit to be rounded is ..5, so-called"shopkeepers’ rounding" is adopted:the figure is always rounded up.
I saw every digit, every line of code as I created it.
A number of measures are dealt with by means of an additional four-digit code. The first digit indicates the type of measure and the others are for further subdivisions.
That makes thirteen or three because only the last digit counts.
The Taric code has 11 digits, the ninth digit being reserved for the Member States' national statistical subdivisions.
Just press "D", space and the digit of the candidate that shall die.
The ninth digit is reserved for national statistical purposes (see diagram in Part One, Section II).
Now this didn't make any sense, and like any reasonable engineer or scientist, they assumed that the problem must be the technology itself, it must be the dish.
Oh, if we can find a two way radio or even like a satelite dish, I can trying contact that Citizen Z guy.
Where schools sign up for it, this controversial 12minute TV programme, including two minutes of advertising, is made a compulsory part of the school day in return for free equipment (a satellite dish, TVs and VCRs).
We just spliced the wiring of our broadcast to the satellite dish on the roof, so now everybody thinks they're watching the real news.
And I'm willing to bet you're the one who climbed up the dish to get out.
They take too much time away from texting and the thousand channels on the satellite dish.
It's currently 10 billion miles away from Earth, transmitting with that dish, with the power of 20 watts, and we're still in contact with it.
And certainly there was a most extraordinary noise going on within--a constant howling and sneezing, and every now and then a great crash, as if a dish or kettle had been broken to pieces.
Even though there were many cookies on the dish, I only ate three.
This is a dish called Magic Bowl that I discovered.
Justin in his shirt-sleeves was carrying out a dish.
"I understand Italian perfectly," she boasted while choosing a dish from the menu, but when the food was served, it was not at all what she expected.
Showed them all the pictures of General Tso Chicken that I showed you, and they're like, we don't know this dish.
On the work-table, covered over with a white cloth, there were five or six small balls of cotton in a silver dish, near a large crucifix between two lighted candles.
Tom put a dish with cheese and crackers on the table.
The champagne grapes that you see are actually carbonated grapes. A little bit of seafood and some crème fraiche and the picture actually tastes exactly like the dish.
This embargo does not extend to their families, so it is possible to consider the VUE history of Allia's wife,
Chairman of the committee, Carlos Westendorp Y Cabeza claimed that the embargo starting at the end of July would run counter to the agreement that followed the compromise adopted by both the Parliament and the Council on FP6.
If there is a no vote in the south and a yes in the north, he said, we should fight for the opening of political relations with the north and the lifting of the embargo. There were no other possible solutions.
In 1998, an embargo was placed on all exports of live bovine animals and derived products from Portugal to the rest of the EU.
What does Steve Allen got to do with trade embargo?
We won't achieve that by imposing an arms embargo on everyone, the aggressors and those attacked.
Kennedy put a trade embargo on Cuba, ostensibly halting the shipment of Cuban manufactured Sansabelt Slacks, very popular at the time.
Following the lead given by the United States, several member states sent warships to the Gulf to help enforce the trade embargo, while both France and the United Kingdom provided substantial ground forces to protect Saudi sovereign territory from possible attack.
The trading embargo has been officially lifted, if you were wondering.
Question 11 (Stewart-Clark): Trade embargo on the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
They're probably using this to get us to lift our trade embargo.
Hungary which is a friendly country that the embargo has not simply been announced but that it must be observed.
The Council is doubtless aware of the damage the American trade embargo is having on the economy and Uving standards of Cuba.
The loyal support and commitment of Turkey to the application of the trade embargo on Iraq was a crucial element in the success of" that international strategy to free Kuwait. Since then.
And the result of that was an empire that included the areas you see on the screen, and which survived for 200 years of stability until it was shattered by Alexander.
They built their empire in Peru about five hundred years ago.
Take a direct north-south bearing, you find to your astonishment that it bisects the intiwatana stone, goes to the skyline, hits the heart of Salcantay, the second of the most important mountains of the Incan empire.
"What am I saying?" resumed Dom Claude, with a smile of disdain. "What would the throne of France be to me when I could rebuild the empire of the Orient?"
It seemed that sleep and night had resumed their empire.
It was the largest empire the world had known until then.
This empire is, in fact, the Middle East as we now know it, and it's what shapes the Middle East as we now know it.
London and Washington calls me the "evil genius" behind the Nazi money empire.
I have no wish to live another hour in an empire ruled by you.
And are these virtues not to be found in our empire?
And in fact, in a way, it almost took down your empire at one point.
One would pronounce it an empire dismembered at the death of its Alexander, and whose provinces become kingdoms.
And I realized that the whole empire was likely to come crashing down unless I chipped in a chip.
One, empire was the least original thing that the West did after 1500.
It's why social organization has grown from the hunter-gatherer village to the ancient state, the empire, and now here we are in a globalized world.
He was cured, miraculously, and returned to inherit an empire.
When Turkey has regained the Muslim states from the former Soviet Union, including Kazakhstan with its nuclear weapons, there will be a Turkish empire of 100 million people at the gates of Europe, and a nuclear power at that.
I have with me, to discuss his new empire, the Minister for Administrative Affairs, James Hacker.
After all, we are not building an empire, we are expanding our Union to include deep democracies, rich economies and sound environments.
Now he begs you to help him in his struggle against the Empire.
Dead end, sort of -- sort of looking up a hill, and these really weird-looking Frenchmen -- not the typical ones with the berets -- are unloading a truck -- It's wartime of course --
Juncker, PresidentinOffice of the Council. (FR) The situation in the Middle East is a complex one and the Council does not believe that measures such as those suggested would contribute to an end to the impasse in the region.
Well, aside from making a new friend, that was a dead end.
These opportunities and difficulties are well illustrated in the field of broadcasting. At the end of 1986 the whole European television scene was transformend by the appearance of Europe's first direct television satellites.
It's a dead end there's no way out.
As is rightly pointed out in the Waechter Report, wc must put an end to urban drift in Europe.
That's it. That's the end ofthe story. Full stop.
The proposals about provinces are now those that offer a solution, as I said, because they bring the war to an end.
I'd like to have seen his face when he found the dead end.
Oh, I'm sorry, I thought making the transition from actor to acting teacher was the signal that one's career had reached the end of the road.
I believe it was -- one great philosopher said -- no, no, Cervantes. Cervantes said, "The journey is better than the end."
"No," said he; "it is a long-cherished scheme, and the only one which can secure my great end: but I shall urge you no further at present.
If the end game is global warming, they're doing great.
They are counting on us to act, and they are counting on the Commission to find possible solutions to ensure that the settlement of the occupied territories is brought to an end.
Why are you sitting there resting when we're so near the end?
Every thing must be done to clear the dangerous lead from fuel as speedily as possible and I am with Mr Ceravolo and the Environment Committee in exhorting the Commission to press urgently forward to this end.
Look, we're close to the end right?
I represent a periphery of the peripheries, the Highlands and Islands, up in the north as opposed to Greece down at the other end.
But I must find her, if it takes to the end of my days.
I take his point that this is not the end of the road, that this is indeed the beginning of a new road and that further proposals from the Commission will be required.
...appears to be an engagement. Three of Lautern's twin-engine fighter aircraft, Rainbows, downed.
If our information is correct, this could be the biggest engagement of the war to date.
And as long as your soldiers attack civilians I will order the shooting of officers at every engagement.
But do not tempt engagement until I have arrived with proper force.
Tell ya, it was the most brutal engagement since Shiloh, and I was there!
"I regret to report a disastrous engagement which took place on the morning of the 22nd of January between the armies of the Zulu king Cetewayo and our Number 3 Column, consisting of Five Companies of the 1 st Battalion, 24th Regiment of Foot,
Find Spartacus and send word of his movement, but do not tempt engagement until I have arrived with proper force.
Closest thing to an actual engagement we'll probably ever see, and he gives her the conn?
Who disobeyed a direct order in the middle of an engagement.
Heroic Army and Marine force dead mark the battlefield of Okinawa... where a bloody engagement is being fought.
He had broken his engagement with Mary Todd, not certain he was ready to marry her, but knowing how devastating it was to her that he did that.
His father would never sanction his engagement to a girl who did not share the same religious beliefs as their family.
In 2005, the first call for proposals dedicated to this issue was launched to select projects to support indigenous peoples' engagement with mechanisms of the UN and other international bodies, and civil society activities for the ratification and implementation of ILO Convention 169.
You didn't have to break up the act or run out of town, because Judy and Phil's engagement was phony.
The project partners intended to draft and adopt sustainable energy action plans, while ensuring wide engagement with EU citizens and key stakeholders.
It is hoped that thiskind of engagement will increase understanding of the issues at stake, leading to a joint effort for increased investment in innovative ventures.
Following last night's disturbance at Turkey Point, Cry-Baby Walker, convicted delinquent had the nerve to announce his engagement to fellow gang member and known hussy,
Could support review of schemes where this is relevant for local development goals – eg revisit management plans to enable a greater focus on community engagement and educational opportunities (in partnership with relevant authorities).
Ladies and gentlemen, my good friends, I have the honour to announce to you the engagement of my daughter Julia to Mr. John Case.
The forum is striving to stimulate dialogue based on both a top-down, policy-driven approach and a bottom-up engagement from the points of view of users, practitioners and researchers.
She has mentioned your desire to become familiar with Starfleet engineering protocols.
Our Engineering section has been commandeered by young Wesley Crusher.
If we do this, we'll need to use engineering to configure the matrix.
Engineering has been taken over by Klingons who have cut off life-support systems.
First thing they'll do in Engineering is establish a collective, a central point from which they can control the hive.
You see, I feel that I would like to move beyond Astrophysics to Engineering or Security, something that might even lead to Command.
If the alien's in Tuvok, how could it be down in engineering?
- 'Mr Scott on the engineering deck.' l've found a new trouble with the transporter.
Right back at Deck 6. The Bridge is on Deck 1. Engineering is on Deck 1 1.
Sorry, the array has been allocated to Engineering for tests.
I have no question that the physics, the engineering to get us down to the point where all of us can afford orbital space flight is around the corner.
Now I combine them with hi-tech materials and engineering to create voluptuous, billowing forms the scale of buildings.
Other ones have a focus on health care, tourism, engineering and other fields.
Car stunts are another area where technology and engineering advances have made life easier for us, and safer.
The connection I have with engineering is the same as any other engineer, in that I love to solve problems.
She actually went and spoke to an engineering department in Afghanistan and told the head of the department the difference between AC and DC.
And as you can see, there are not only two principal technical disciplines there, medicine and engineering, but also there are various specialists from within those two disciplines.
And what we're trying to do, in a TEDesque way, is to organize all biological information by design and engineering function.
I grew up in Michigan, and I moved to Phoenix to study engineering, thousands of miles away from home.
(d)Jordan (i) Faculty of Engineering and Technology (FET, University of Jordan, Phase II) • EEC contribution: 2 million ECU (grant)
Well, like any Great Him, I travel with an entourage.
It called on the governments of the Member States to show firmness towards the regime and asked them to cease conferring honours on President Ceauşescu and his entourage. Parliament
I'm at Battery Park with Montgomery Brewster and entourage,... ..awaiting the arrival of the Hackensack Bulls,... ..here to tune up for an unprecedented game with the New York Yankees.
How would you like to be in my entourage?
I promise to get the entourage's way blocked. Well then.
Too bad your equerry gave us such short notice, but we will do our poor best to make you and your entourage comfortable.
She and her entourage are willing to stop by en route from a goodwill visit to Brakesh 9.
As Ambassador to Saudi Arabia, it is not exactly comme il faut... to include in your entourage, the mistress of a gangster.
He was supposed to have died in a way that the only possible explanation was that he'd been murdered by a member of his own entourage.
Police returning fire run to surround the hangar, leaving Zim and his entourage running for cover.
And nοw Jacky suddenly pops up in your entourage.
But in the different countries reached by the Chernobyl plume the authorities, both local end national, often preferred to accept opinions and suggestions from their entourage rather than from competent people.
However, through the contacts he had made while working for the minister, he was able to let Jean Rey’s entourage know that he was looking for a job with the EEC Commission (2).
I gave it my all, and I was honored to have your trust, but... there was your entourage, Mr. President.
In Moscow there are several competing centres of power: the president and his entourage, the government and the factions within it, parliament, the central bank (controlled by parliament), the representatives of large state enterprises.
'The European Union is gravely concerned at the violent death of an important representative of the opposition in Liberia, Mr Samuel Dokie, along with his wife and two members of his entourage.
The new Director-General brought in Annette De March to run his secretariat, kept George W. Clarke as Adviser and Alain Biron as Assistant (he had beenappointed to this post by Aage Dorniville de La Courin 1981), and reorganised his entourage and the Eurostat directorates.
From the start of reform there were several competing centres of power: the president and his entourage, the government and the factions within it, Parliament, the central bank, the representatives of large state enterprises.
In particular, as the German Government itself pointed out, the care allowance may be used by recipients to remunerate a member of their family or entourage who is assisting them on a voluntary basis.
Patagonia's Footprint Chronicles basically goes through and tracks every product that they make, and gives you social responsibility, and helps you understand the ethics that are behind the product that they make.
Russell's books should be bound in two colours, those dealing with mathematical logic in red — and all students of philosophy should read them; those dealing with ethics and politics in blue — and no one should be allowed to read them.
One way not to do it: teach more ethics courses.
What if, Plato thought, ethics was like math?
And I said -- I got worried, I said, my God, I mean I've changed this guy's body image, what about human subjects, ethics and all of that?
That, in fact, you couldn't have a functioning democracy if citizens didn't get a good flow of information, that the newspapers were critical because they were acting as the filter, and then journalistic ethics developed.
The second of the four values is this movement toward ethics and fair play.
So when we meet in my philosophy class in his prison and I say, "In this class, we will discuss the foundations of ethics," Tony interrupts me.
And the thing is that the algorithms don't yet have the kind of embedded ethics that the editors did.
Well, my belief is that it works because scientists are a community bound together by an ethics.
You were given a terminal diagnosis, and Connolly ends up offering you a choice-- your life or your ethics, and you picked your life.
It also erodes government ethics, in that governments are free to help themselves to more and more taxation without any attendant political risk.
A specialist in marital ethics, original and audacious in nature, Viollet set up the Assoc. for Christian Marriage to lead couples in fidelity to Church laws.
In particular, the committee must draw the attention of the various researchfunding institutions and agencies to their responsibilities in encouraging a sense of ethics among researchers.
International ethics and law require that Rauff answer before a democratic tribunal for the imprescriptible crimes which he has committed against humanity.
We need to take what's good about Batman and marry it to actual laws and proper ethics and accountability.
'In the past, ethics and politics were supposed to solve human problems, i.e. those of man in society.
You had the nerve to lecture me on ethics.
Historians of the future will no doubt single out as a salient feature of our era the broadening of scope of ethics and politics and their changing aims.
It was a breach of protocol and ethics, And you're lucky I don't bring you up on charges.
Now I'd argue that that is as absurd as stating that 30 minutes of copulation is the creative act, and nine months of gestation, and, God forbid, 24 hours of child labor is merely execution.
I was absorbed in the execution of these nice details, when, after one rapid tap, my door unclosed, admitting St. John Rivers.
Paper is patient. There may pass a long time from the planning stage till the execution of a project. Not everything agreed on paper will be respected and accomplished. There is much written down what is wrong.
It really is that simple in concept, though not in execution.
And in fact, what we need to do is see that as chapter one, celebrate it, close it, and recognize that we need a chapter two that is all about execution, all about the how-to.
It's only the execution of the written music, no interpretation."
So these minimum snap trajectories in this flat space are then transformed back into this complicated 12-dimensional space, which the robot must do for control and then execution.
And that the incredible amount of effort to deliver those sketches for years and years and years is not only something to be derided, but we would merely write it off as merely execution.
It was a good idea, just didn't have the right execution.
Under the same conditions, they shall be responsible for the correct execution of orders received by them in respect of the use and the administration of bank and post office cheque accounts, and in particular:
Strictly speaking the answer is 'no', in that a system assumes a clear set of objectives and a logical and coherent framework for policy-making and execution to achieve them.
Strictly speaking, the answer is 'no', in that a system assumes a clear set of objectives and a logical and coherent framework for policy making and execution to achieve them.
Strictly speaking the answer is no, in that a system assumes a clear set of objectives and a logical and coherent framework for policymaking and execution to achieve them.
Strictly speaking, the answer is 'no', in that a system assumes a clear set of objectives and a logical and coherent framework for policy making and execution to achieve them.
Strictly speaking the answer is "no", in that a system assumes a clear set of objectives and a logical and coherent framework for policy making and execution to achieve them.
Strictly speaking the answer is no, in that a system assumes a clear set of objectives and a logical and coherent framework for policy making and execution to achieve them.
And another parent said, "I feel as if I've played a role in an execution."
And as the story of Mr. Morales, just down the road, excuse me, Mr. Gabriel, would you mind if we delayed your execution a little bit?
On that day all the inhabitants got up earlier, and the Grande Rue, although full of people, had something lugubrious about it, as if an execution had been expected.
If you're living in Iran, you're facing censorship, harassment, arrest, torture -- at times, execution.
And I mean the business of the execution to be done by you.
Young boys are taught justifications for suicide attacks and the execution of spies.
The bailiff of the courts is bound to deliver the malefactor ready judged for execution if he be a layman, to the provost of Paris; if a clerk, to the official of the bishopric."
The execution was ordered by President Lincoln only two days after he signed the Emancipation Proclamation.
During the night which followed the execution of la Esmeralda, the night men had detached her body from the gibbet, and had carried it, according to custom, to the cellar of Montfauçon.
There was an execution at the prison late last night and he's the officiating doctor.
Their attempt was futile. Their transporter was a facsimile.
On Thursdays everybody comes over here and has pizza or a reasonable facsimile prepared by someone claiming to be Luigi but who sounds suspiciously like Jackie Chan.
An example of a successful candidate under the scheme is that of 35 year old electrotechnician with a concept of developing a module which could be attached to a personnel computer, making it possible to use the computer as facsimile for mailing etc.
From your point of view, he is only a facsimile, a knock-off, a cheap imitation.
You're just a clever imitation, a facsimile.
Telecommunication services encompasses the transmission of sound, images, or other information by telephone, telex, telegram, radio and television cable and broadcasting, satellite, electronic mail, facsimile services, and so forth, including business network services, teleconferencing, and support services.
Your field generator has been sending out harmless energy charges, which this facsimile has been converting into Krieger waves.
Facsimile of thefinal draft (the ninth) of the Schuman Declaration.
A document despatched in the form of an ordinary electronic file which is unsigned or bears an electronic signature or a facsimile signature generated by computer will not be treated as complying with Article 43(6) of the Rules of Procedure.
At 11:47 p.m. in the evening, there was a call into our office in a facsimile saying that there may have been or might be a murder situation.
Permits the nature and attributes of the body of an IP message (ISO-defined, CCITT-defined for G3 facsimile page, Teletex document) to be conveyed along with the body.
The Good Book did not arrive by facsimile from heaven.
Normally, negotiation is carried out per telephone and facsimile.
When requests are made by facsimile, they must be confirmed by letter dispatched before the specified deadline.
Telephone: (32 2) 732.42.50 Facsimile: (32 2) 732.49.73 A programme aimed at developing know-how about local employment development
Give me two dinars. Then give me a fag.
I haven't had a fag since yesterday, I promise.
Has anyone got a fag that I can have, please?
I was just having a fag. Got a bit carried away like.
I was thinking - what if you've become a fag?
If that fag ever does come back, we should have Carlo do it.
Hugh, sometimes you really are a pain-in-the-ass fag.
I tell ya the truth, it's so-- Hi, how are ya, you bald-headed fag?
I think he's a fuckin' secret fag.
Why? Afraid they'll think I'm a fag like you?
Well, you know, that doesn't make me a murderer any more than it makes me a fag.
For example, with that hair piece they may say that you're a fag. Be careful, OK? !
Look my son's a fag, I'm not blind to these things.
Tauber, did you know I've had reports about Serpico being a fag?
Whether this young girl was a human being, a fairy, or an angel, is what Gringoire, sceptical philosopher and ironical poet that he was, could not decide at the first moment, so fascinated was he by this dazzling vision.
We must take care that we don't go too near to the fairy's castle.
I find you rather alarming, when I examine you close at hand: you talk of my being a fairy, but I am sure, you are more like a brownie."
The older fairy instantly knew that... these were not ordinary twins, but magical wizards.
And Shelby had a lovely, kind and wonderful good fairy named Clairee.
KNOW: "You must know that the child with blue hair was no other than the good-hearted fairy who had lived in that wood for more than a thousand--"
She used to sit out there with a peanut-butter sandwich... just waiting for the fairy to get hungry.
Mimi "the fairy" gave us that information.
So the next time someone says there isn't a tooth fairy or Santa Claus or guardian angel, you just tell them to check with the mayor's office because they know better.
- Maybe they got the good fairy to help them.
Superman, you know, the fairy with the cape?
I would delight in choking the life out of that vindictive little fairy if the police weren't following me everywhere I went.
Was it that fairy, what's his face, from Child Protective Services?
Yeah, let everyone think I'm a fairy.
You grow wings and become a fairy. What do you care about money?
Stanilas Lefort, aka Constantin Patakis, alias Pierre Juvet... called The Fairy.
- It's either our new vice president, the fairy, or the dummy.
May I please have a cup of coffee, Alex, you big Greek fairy?
I was "Larry the fairy" all through high school.
The little fairy has a set of brass balls.
This last fall, I went to the Snow and Ice Data Center in Boulder, Colorado, and talked to the researchers here in Monterey at the Naval Postgraduate Laboratory.
They say there will be a general election this fall.
That was fall of '95. But then, by the time that winter was rolling around, he said, "You know, you're good enough.
That popular television series is going to spin off two new shows in the fall.
It's also why in the spring, we have to make a best guess at which three strains are going to prevail the next year, put those into a single vaccine and rush those into production for the fall.
The leaves of the trees turn red in the fall.
You may have heard, this last fall Nicolas Sarkozy in France announcing the results of an 18-month study by two Nobel economists, focusing on happiness and wellness in France.
Are you going to pay a visit to China this fall?
These are just the awards that we won in 2007 fall from robotics competitions and those kinds of things.
Some flowers bloom in the spring and other flowers bloom in the fall.
This Bible has everything in it. From the creation of this beautiful world of ours to the fall of mankind.
There was a time, Cal, when man was at one with the gods, before the Fall.
I'm going to do what all good preachers have done since the Serpent and Man's Fall... pray for the sinner.
Never was there such happiness, not since the fall in paradise.
After the fall of man, God spoke to Adam but Adam could no longer understand him.
The Fall of Man, The Old Testament and a new version Yes!
For this revolt of thine, methinks, is like another fall of man.
And God's most beautiful angel before the fall.
My fault. Don't applaud, this was clubs.
"Deceit is not my fault!" I cried out in a savage, high voice.
He convinced me that it was not his fault.
This -- oh sorry, don't look at the beam. My fault.
I dared commit no fault: I strove to fulfil every duty; and I was termed naughty and tiresome, sullen and sneaking, from morning to noon, and from noon to night.
It was to a great extent his own fault.
You may discover, as I did, that a lot of things that you used to think were your fault, a lot of things you used to think about yourself, really had nothing to do with you.
Her beauty, her pink cheeks and golden curls, seemed to give delight to all who looked at her, and to purchase indemnity for every fault.
Jack always finds fault with others. That's why everybody avoids him.
You can blame Murray Gell-Mann for these names -- they're his fault.
One, don't build a reformer on a fault.
According to the latest geological data, there's a minor fault line crossing the vein of naqahdah about a kilometre above the large deposit.
Normal evolution Undamaged penetrator on the seafloor Damaged penetrator on the seafloor Undamaged penetrator buried 10 m deep in sediment Damaged penetrator buried 10 m deep in sediment Open fault near penetrator Human intrusion by drilling Mining of minerals (eg, manganese nodules) from the seafloor
Why don't we just do some more underground blasting and find out if there's a fault line down there?
There are three kinds of rupture mechanisms produced at the‘focus’ of an earthquake, the pointwhere a fault already exists or isproduced.
If we could somehow trigger a move along the fault line, we could isolate the advancing naquadria and break off the chain reaction.
- Yeah. Seismologists are saying they think this morning's quake may have revealed a new fault system not previously thought to be active...
The ‘network for the abolition of nuclearenergy’ says plans to locate ITER in Cadarache should be cancelled, as thereis an active geological fault seven kilometres from the proposed site.
The printer lost the file, didn't tell us.
When I try to listen to music with media player there's an error and I can't play the file.
Here's the latest virus we've found, in a file called Server.exe.
Please open the file circled in red with a text editor.
And here's an example of a file we found from a server a couple of weeks ago.
Since I don't have the software to open the attached file, I can't open it. Please send it again in another format.
So every time you download a file, each megabyte is a lump of coal.
When I try to listen to music with media player there's an error and I can't play the file.
This is a screenshot from GitHub, the premier Git hosting service, and every time a programmer uses Git to make any important change at all, creating a new file, modifying an existing one, merging two files, Git creates this kind of signature.
What that means is, a 200-megabyte file looks like this, ladies and gentlemen. OK?
Up, you maggots! And in single file!
The agreement resolves the outstanding problems in a file opened more than 15 years ago.
Everybody, single file, right down the street, this way and that way, okay?
Whilst not renowned for acting speedily in the normal course, it overruled the financial controller's veto within a matter of hours, even though the relevant file was most sizeable and very complicated in this case.
All right, everybody, line up single file behind us.
Chapter 15 — Competition bloc with 13 041 cases involving exclusive dealing agreements, and a decision taken in 1968 enabled the file to be closed on a further 12 000 such agreements.
Listen up... 3 worms are moving forward in a single file
Such coding desks can be grouped into lines side by side all facing the same direction, or they may be placed in a single file, one person behind another, which can accentuate the isolation of the operator.
The file is now in the hands of the Council. The comment that you have raised is very much in Mr Fischler's mind, and he will be heading negotiations.
Tell your men to keep behind me in single file.
Last November, a museum opened in Tokyo called The Mori Museum, in a skyscraper, up on the 56th floor.
Charles went up the first floor to see the patient.
The fire, which caused the disaster, broke out on the second floor of the hospital.
And now there's smoke and flames coming by our windows -- we're on the eleventh floor.
They caught sight of one on the harbour, a very indifferent restaurant, whose proprietor showed them to a little room on the fourth floor.
She works here, but her office is actually on the second floor.
Nothing unusual about that at all, except that these are actually not the buttons that take you to an individual floor.
How many rooms are there on the second floor of your house?
It wasn't a non-profit buried, you know, on the 30th floor of some building downtown. It was right in the neighborhood that it was serving, and it was open all the time to the public.
Rodolphe, meanwhile, with Madame Bovary, had gone up to the first floor of the town hall, to the "council-room," and, as it was empty, he declared that they could enjoy the sight there more comfortably.
Milo's Mom: Oh, you've got gravy all over the floor.
Then he skipped out, and saw Sid just starting up the outside stairway that led to the back rooms on the second floor.
The man on the floor had a knife in his back.
They could go in the floor. They could go, actually, underneath your desktop.
'All together!' said Anna laughing and running to meet them, and putting her arms round them she tumbled the whole heap of children – struggling and shrieking joyfully – on to the floor.
The police found Tom lying on the floor with a bullet hole in the middle of his forehead.
And he opened the door and we walked into a windowless 20-by-20-foot room with shelves from floor to ceiling, and crammed on every shelf his collection of Mayan ceramics.
"Now," thought I, "I can perhaps get her to talk." I sat down by her on the floor.
His hair is so long it reaches the floor.
These nets, she said, you put them on the floor, bugs leave your house.
And what was amazing to me -- well it was pretty kickass; he was killing a fly in the house with a gun -- but what was so amazing to me was that he knew just enough how to pump it.
Poor fly, who could not have lifted even one of its blocks of stone!
Have you ever used a gun to kill a fly?
In fact, it makes so much sense that we can construct an electronic toy circuit that simulates the behavior of the fly.
At that moment, a bewildered fly which was seeking the March sun, flung itself through the net and became entangled there.
My eyes weren't keen enough to distinguish whether the black spot on the ceiling was a spider or a fly.
But the place where the fly had stung Levin was evidently still sore, for he again grew pale when Oblonsky wished to refer to his reason, and hastily interrupted him.
My eyes weren't sharp enough to tell whether the black spot on the ceiling was a spider or a fly.
I don't know about you, but I find it exhilarating to see how vague psychological notions evaporate and give rise to a physical, mechanistic understanding of the mind, even if it's the mind of the fly.
If the connection is weak, the motors will stay off and the fly will continue straight on its course.
Paul, imagine going into a tea-room lmagine seeing me with a stranger, fondling his fly and saying:
I'm telling you because I'm going to need help unzipping my fly.
I was just gonna tell you that your fly is down.
Mr. Jacobs' wristwatch is nine minutes slow and his fly is three-quarters down.
Worst part, honestly, is needing somebody to help zip your fly.
Then he goes backstage, he opens up his fly and he sticks his thing in it.
And he went to the home plate and he, like, unzipped his fly, took out his penis and pissed on home plate. He just peed on it and he made art.
He stood beside me, opened his fly and got out his boner.
And I'm wearing shorts, there is no fly.
You, I don't know who you are, but your fly's down.
On this peasant's fields this was being done, and he could not find words enough to praise this fodder.
You've done your homework, but I don't see how my history with Blair or the tabloid fodder it produces is really relevant to my therapy.
Not all the oil cake and meal available on the EEC market have been used as fodder in dairying.
Oil seeds and oleaginous fruit; miscellaneous grains, seeds and fruit; industrial and medical plants; straw and fodder
This is all good fodder for you to request a sit-down with Gus so you can discuss what you would say for questioning.
Mixed feeds have come to be used increasingly where a farm is unable to produce enough fodder for its increasing livestock numbers or where the buying-in of mixed feeds is more economical of labour or more efficient in terms of production techniques.
I raise cattle, run a few horses, grow my own fodder.
The common organization of the dried fodder market covers the following products: i.
"... because they use fodder which is mostly their own farm produce, agricultural livestock breeders and keepers within the meaning of German tax law are subject in particular to the risks inherent in working the soil.
In terms of cultivated area, non-irrigated agriculture is preponderant (cereals, fodder, olives, almonds and wine grapes), although it accounts for only 30 to 40% of production by value.
We don't think you can pull it off, we're not going to give you our 17,000 peace keepers for fodder."
It is common among the Goa'uld to use humans as fodder during battle.
Being cannon fodder for mutants was never part of the deal and there have been a lot of us dying lately.
An old man's battle fodder sent to die in insomnia's war while our homes are bound and shackled.
You will make excellent cannon fodder, Klink, for the Russian front.
You see, we have to come to understand that less value, property and objectification is the foundation and the violence can't happen without it.
All the impressions of that day, beginning with the impression of the peasant at the halfway-house which seemed to serve as a foundation for all the other impressions and ideas, agitated Levin greatly.
All of your accusations are without foundation. She's innocent and we're going to prove it.
So this became the foundation of our research as we went forward.
The mass of masonry which served as foundation to the odious edifice was hollow.
Three things that actually help to build on this foundation: The very first one is honoring of tradition and being open to new ideas.
We as men, good men, the large majority of men, we operate on the foundation of this whole collective socialization.
I tend to like science, where what we see and can ascertain are the foundation of what we know.
Using Google Earth you can witness trawlers -- in China, the North Sea, the Gulf of Mexico -- shaking the foundation of our life support system, leaving plumes of death in their path.
The microeconomic framework and foundation for moving forward was not even there.
After we had demonstrated that we could find small tumors, we used these images to submit a grant to the Susan G. Komen Foundation.
And Reebok set up a foundation after these Human Rights Now tours and there was a decision then -- well, we made a proposal, for a couple of years, about trying to set up a division that was going to give cameras to human rights activists.
When philanthropy was reinvented a century ago, when the foundation form was actually invented, they didn't think of themselves on the wrong side of these either.
Our foundation has backed a vaccine that's going into phase three trial that starts in a couple months.
I was at a concert that he was attending to mark his birthday and for the creation of new resources for his foundation.
And more important, I think, the ideas that are exhibited and realized here are ideas that the foundation can use, because there's fantastic synergy.
I'm afraid not. I acted in good faith. Partly because of friendship towards you, and probably because one of the basic tenets of The Foundation is the preservation of human life.
Foundation publications are on saleform the official sales agents of the EU or the Office of Official Publications of the European Communities, L-2985, Luxembourg.
It is up to this foundation to finance the further work that is necessary.
In addition, the Foundation provides technical assistance to the European Commission for the project implementation of the Tempus programme.
Coming out of a fountain dripping wet with the same man, who is not your betrothed?
"Meet me at the fountain in the park within the hour. Sherlock."
He couldn't have recognized those guys in the fountain though.
- but which I was able to borrow at the mall fountain and the charity mint box.
What's stopping Lucy from crossing to the fountain?
In the square, a fountain was gurgling away.
One night he was fighting, over there by the fountain.
We drank the water drawn from the fountain there.
She is the one who jumped into a fountain in Rome last summer, isn't she?
The closest he ever got to the water was the fountain at Caesars Palace.
As you can see, it has a fountain in the courtyard.
She took the shades off the candlesticks, had new wallpaper put up, the staircase repainted, and seats made in the garden round the sundial; she even inquired how she could get a basin with a jet fountain and fishes.
It's said that for bees, the flower is the fountain of life, and for flowers bees are the messengers of love.
"Lor!" said the peasant, "one would swear it was a little fountain flowing.
Well, I think that welfare mothers and at-risk kids and ex-steel workers deserve a fountain in their life.
And the reason it has a fountain in the courtyard is I wanted one and I had the checkbook, so I bought one and put it there.
Does this face look like it's been to the Fountain of Youth?
Even if the fountain proved anything, fixing hypothalamic dysregulation isn't gonna regenerate brain.
Mm! This is even more amazing than dancing in the fountain.
That night, Charlotte dragged me to the fountain of belief.
Our ministry the***minitstry is in Billings Montana, and we're to talk about freedom from homosexuality, to the increasal submission... towardship the Christ and his church. Can I help you?
Thomas people are asking for freedom from clerical rule.
We Basques are sick and tired of the violence and intolerance of these two organisations, and of putting up with their continual attacks and their treacherous speeches about freedom and the so-called defence of human rights.
Freedom was directly in their sight and yet they were driven to their deaths in the final days.
Sexual freedom and the fight against imperialism go together.
Alexander Ogorodnikov founded a seminar movement for Christian studies. For this he was imprisoned, quite contrary to the provision in the constitution of the USSR on freedom of religion.
The book will grant freedom from the curse, but it wants something in return.
Failure to incorporate correctly into national law the Council Directive of 19 July 1982 laying down measures to facilitate the effective exercise of the right of establishment and freedom to provide services in hairdressing15(Italy).
Freedom for SME research aid up to the summit, interested parties from all over Europe – notably
A man may believe in freedom from tyranny and not be a rebel or a traitor.
Let them do it. Give them some freedom, and in general, let them play. Let them have fun at the workplace.
If you will let me recapitulate, this is how matters stood: When you parted, you were great, as magnanimous as a man can possibly be; you consented to everything: her freedom and even a divorce.
A ronin may not have the status of a daimyo, but he has the freedom that the latter may never have.
Because the Internet has fashioned a new and complicated environment for an old-age dilemma that pits the demands of security with the desire for freedom.
'I am ready to swear I can't find in my soul a trace of regret for my freedom,' said Levin, with a smile.
No justice or freedom is possible when money always takes the crown.
That's my job in the community: to say we won't allow our openness and freedom to undermine the quality of the content.
The English way, of giving a girl perfect freedom, was also rejected, and would have been impossible in Russian Society.
Talent, background, education, freedom, networks, opportunities, wealth, ideas, creativity.
DURING THIS, THE FIRST PERIOD of her freedom and rapid recovery, Anna was unpardonably happy and full of the joy of life.
What a fury to fly at Master John!"
My fixed desire was to seek and find a good and intelligent woman, whom I could love: a contrast to the fury I left at Thornfield--"
A fury take you to your torment... all of you!
Soon, a great fury will consume this world and no one will be able to stop us.
And you'd be rotting in the bowels of a Fury!
Careful,b. Hell hath no fury like a chuck bass scorned.
This is where the fury tried to drag Robin Hood to hell.
There's her cousin, an she were not possessed with a fury, exceeds her as much in beauty as the first of May doth the last of December.
Not only do we continue to tell and retell the same tired stories, but we are now doing so with a frenzy and a fury that, frankly, verges on camp.
The Queen turned crimson with fury, and, after glaring at her for a moment like a wild beast, screamed 'Off with her head! Off--'
Magicians play with fire and steel, defy the fury of the buzzsaw, dare to catch a bullet or attempt a deadly escape.
'Oh, how can I help it?' said Levin with suppressed fury. 'And these idiotic open waistcoats – it's impossible!'
I had dared and baffled his fury; I must elude his sorrow: I retired to the door.
The impetuous fury of the entering gust nearly lifted us from our feet.
I thank Providence, who watched over you, that she then spent her fury on your wedding apparel, which perhaps brought back vague reminiscences of her own bridal days: but on what might have happened, I cannot endure to reflect.
I will not speak to you of her joy; it was a fury of tears, and caresses, and kisses.
"Another minute, and she will despise me for a hypocrite," thought I; and an impulse of fury against Reed, Brocklehurst, and Co. bounded in my pulses at the conviction.
This potential of energy and fury is too important... to use it in a paltry private vendetta.
Everybody can get it. That's why we want to do fusion.
The key question is, "When are we going to get fusion?"
If all these ants make it to the accelerator and generate a strong enough charge, they could create a runaway fusion reaction.
JET is the largest magnetic fusion project in the world.
- Runaway fusion reaction, and no, they're not that self-aware, it's more like a biological imperative.
Based on interviews with Peter Barnard and fusion experts in the European Commission
Euratom research on fission and fusion would receive ECU 1,141 million, whilst a total of ECU 1,141 million would fund activities of the Joint Research Centre.
The draft negotiating directives for the negotiation of agreements in the field of controlled nuclear fusion and nuclear safety involve only Ukraine and Kazakhstan.
The programme's aim is to help exploit the full potential of nuclear energy, both fusion and fission, in a sustainable manner, by making current technologies even safer and more economical, and by exploring promising new concepts.
Since fission reaction also releases large amounts of energy, the fusion and fission systems could be combined.
Glass frit, i.e. the product obtained by suddenly cooling in water the liquid mass or paste resulting from the fusion of the original components of glass.
Refining by electrolysis, by fusion or chemically, of nickel mattes, nickel speiss .and other intermediate products of nickel metallurgy ex 75.01
Refining by electrolysis, by fusion or chemically, of nickel mattes, nickel speiss and other intermediate products of nickel metallurgy ex 77.04
Rerining by electrolysis, by fusion or chemically, or nickel mattes, nickel opeiss and other intermediate products of nickel metallurgy
Unwrought nickel (excluding electroplating anodes of heading No 75.05) waste or scrap Refining by electrolysis, by fusion or chemically, of nickle mattes, nickel spciss and other intermediate products of nickel metallurgy ex
Refining by electrolysis, by fusion or chemically, of nickel malies, nickel speiss and other intermediate products of nickel metallurgy ex 77.04
Natural resins modified by fusion (run gume); artificial resins obtained by esterification of natural resins or of resini c acids (ester gums); chemical derivatives of natural rubber (for example, chlorinated rubber, rubber hydrochloride, oxidised rubber, cyclised rubber) :
Refining by electrolysis, by fusion or chemically, of nickel mattes, nickel speise and other intermediate products of nickel metallurgy
Fire-refining or electrolytic refining of unrefined copper (blister copper and other), copper waste or scrap Fusion and thermal treatment of refined copper, copper ex 75.01
Refining by electrolysis, by fusion or chemically, of nickel mattes, nickel speiss and other intermediate products of nickel metallurgy
Now, for you to drink, I need to take off the gag.
If I take your gag off, you've got to promise not to scream.
I'll remove your gag so that you can talk.
And by the way, Kane hasn't given us the time of day in nearly two weeks, except to essentially put a gag in Ben's mouth at the O'Hare ceremony.
I'm gonna remove your gag. I can't get the foils where I need to get them with it on.
Look... I'll take the gag off, okay?
If you promise to behave, I'll take out the gag.
If fact, if you accept that, I can remove the gag.
The gag... Better leave it on. She's got some mouth.
But how do they with the gag in her mouth?
And the gag is that, of course, these aren't just running through the market.
You really have to fill me in on the gag here.
If he pulls a gag about the run, we'll murder the guy.
Now, we'd done already a gag about the Sand People choir, right?
Oh, come on, that gag is older than the hills.
Some great Shakespearean scene where a ghost and a prince meet and everyone ends in mincemeat the gag may be waving that flag that began with a Mr. Cohan
Look, it was a very long time ago, and it was just a gag between a couple of friends.
I don't know the gag, but I like it.
You say they're a gag, but they're condensers.
Now, last year, I told a gag about a Jewish man. who rings his useless tailor to congratulate him on his daughter.
And what you can see is -- it is actually a very good game.
What if there is no way out and he's watching us on these cameras like this is some kind of sick game? - What is it?
‘lost in …’ is an interactive lan-guage-learning computer game for players who understand German or English and want to learn Czech, Danish, Dutch or Polish.
What I do see is a state-of-the-art video game hooked up to a big-screen TV.
Imagine you have just invented the world's greatest computer game.
All I did was solve a puzzle in a video game.
With the support of EU and national funding, an Oxford University spin-out company has developed a computer game which candramatically improve children’s language skills.
And don't forget it's my grandson's game.
Particular concern was paid to the use of chemicals, while a very popular idea was the computer game sent to schools encouraging a greater awareness of safety matters among the workers of tomorrow.
And we need to get into that game, find "nameless," and put him under surveillance.
If we were playing the game, that's what we'd do.
'I expect you hurt yourself when you fell down?' said the tutor. 'I told you it was a dangerous game.
I want to play a game where a noble, female, knight with the nickname of light-speed freely manipulates gravity.
The game's just trying to get people to open about a million boxes, getting better and better stuff in them.
They were only grieved that their amusing game had been ended, and they did not believe a word of what she was saying.
I know that all of this is just a game.
But at some point, they banded together to hunt bigger game.
But that evening during the game she resolved to leave next day.
Whether rains or not, the game is going to be held.
I mean, how could a game so trivial intervene so powerfully in such serious, and in some cases life-and-death, circumstances?
She must have wrapped this chain around that tree, and then wrapped it around her neck, then hit the gas.
It's just like the lawnmower. When I say "go", you stomp on that gas.
I'm gonna press the gas pedal, and I'm gonna go forward.
No, no, no, no, no-- remember you look in your mirror, behind you, make sure that nobody's coming, and then slowly take your foot off the brake and gently put pressure on the gas.
You see, you've always stepped on the gas.
But now it's contributing gas across the Caspian Sea to provide for Europe, and even a potentially Turkmen- Afghan-Pakistan-India pipeline as well.
He contrived a new engine that does not use gas.
Add that together with the gas, and it's $112,000 per year, just for that sign in each direction.
The other day I ran out of gas in the middle of a busy Interstate.
And another idea that I had as well, that was brought forward by an ecologist -- he basically did a calculation where he took one liter of gas and said, well, how much carbon it would take, and how much organic material?
We ran out of gas on the way there.
That intersection I looked at had about 3,000 cars per day in each direction, and so that's two ounces of gas to accelerate out of.
We ran out of gas in the middle of the desert.
So, traffic keeps flowing, so that means less braking, which means less accelerating, less gas and less pollution, less time wasted, and that partly accounts for Europe's better efficiency than we have in the United States.
Now there's another perverse thing about the way we buy gas, which is that we'd rather be doing anything else.
You're gonna remember that time I bought you the baseball glove when you thought we were too broke, or when I read you those stories, or when I let you goof off instead of mowing the lawn, lots of things like that.
Besides, that glove belongs on the hand of someone who loves the game.
Myvery own glove, just like the big leaguers.
When I was a kid, he gave me this glove, said it belonged to Roberto Clemente.
The brand newbaseball glove that I've been asking for.
Mom, Chloe got me a brand newbaseball glove, see?
But the computer should not just be the glove of the hand; the hand should really be the driver of the computing power.
'Put it quite on!' came the words of advice when the priest had put crowns on their heads and Shcherbatsky, his hand in its three-buttoned glove trembling, held the crown high above Kitty's head.
An officer, buttoning his glove, stood aside at the doorway to make room for them, and smoothing his moustache looked with evident pleasure at the rosy Kitty.
'We meet only for a moment, as I am just going,' said Betsy, smiling and putting on her glove.
'What a nuisance!' thought Levin with a sigh, as he pulled off one glove and smoothed his hat. 'What is the good of my going in?
Whom have you got?' asked Levin with a blush, knocking the snow off his cap with his glove.
He saw that a sigh had been suppressed within her breast and that the little hand in its long glove holding the candle trembled.
'That's just what I say,' she answered, purposely ignoring the sarcasm of his tone and calmly pulling up her long perfumed glove.
It disappeared in his glove; and, with one hasty nod and "good-afternoon," he vanished.
'It was not at all hard for me – it all came about of itself,' she said, irritably. 'And here...' she pulled her husband's note from under her glove.
There is an invisible beauty all around us, each grain with a story to tell ...
His farming calculations that there is a price below which certain grain must not be sold were forgotten too.
The farmer longs for the day when the grain ripens.
Every single grain is different. There are no two grains of sand alike in the world.
The advocate's trade taketh all the grain, and leaveth only straw to the other scientific professions.
I drove back there with the people, over the meadow into the grain.
So, if you like, the whole spiritual and physical life of these cities was dominated by the grain and the harvest that sustained them.
If you can look into the seeds of time, and say which grain will grow and which will not, then speak to me.
The skeletal remains from that period have shown that they were grinding grain morning, noon and night.
Basically you take a goose or a duck and you force feed a ton of grain down its throat.
Now, when going with a plank floor like this, you want to go with the grain.
One is the high capacity handling of wood - up to 10 boards per second -and the other part is to have a scanner sys tem which can classify different defects and the grain and the colour of the wood," he continues.
It's the long, downward strokes against the grain that do the trick.
In the case of forestry products size and straightness of stem, grain, fibre etc. are all important.
You have a problem with the grain on the leather.
Beautiful grain woods, but there were so many dead ones.
Since the shape and grain of each piece is unique, they're impossible to forge.
"Belly and guts! a truce to your whimsical nonsense!
- Nothing... but to show you how a king may go a progress through the guts of a beggar.
This subheading includes plucked fowls, with heads and feet, from which the guts have been withdrawn, but with the other entrails (particularly the lungs, the liver, the gizzard, the heart, the ovaries) remaining in posi tion.
This subheading includes plucked fowls, with heads and feet, from which the guts have been withdrawn, but with the other entrails (particularly the lungs, the liver, the gizzard, the heart, the ovaries) remaining in position.
(Laughs) I was so mad, I could take and push your guts right out through your back and I would have done it too if you had been standing there.
This subheading covers, in particular, plucked fowls, with heads and feet, from which the guts have been withdrawn, but with the other entrails (particularly the lungs, the liver, the gizzard, the heart, the ovaries) remaining in position.
If I'm lying, may my guts rot and may I burn in Hell.
I could end up having the chemo, puking my guts out having the six hairs I have left fall out and still be cut.
- Nothing but too show you how a king may go a progress through the guts of a beggar.
When you shoot a boar... you immediately... slit its belly... and take its guts... and grill them.
And it's too cerebral to animate guts and hearts and behavior when the going gets rough.
He doesn't have the guts to say no to my plan.
And when you find a lone nut doing something great, have the guts to be the first one to stand up and join in.
This is Motor Ritz Towers in Manhattan in the 30s, where you drove up to your front door, if you had the guts.
You don't think I got the guts to do it alone.
And given that the President of the Commission in his speech in February made a great pitch on transport and energy, I thought why has the Commission not the guts to back him'on this.
I am so sorry that Mr Ford did not have the guts to apologize to Mr Giscard d'Estaing in his explanation of vote.
You got more guts than I thought, kid.
Will it have the guts to stand by its own analysis ?
All the people who haven't got guts enough to do what they wanna do.
So, now what? The whole transubstantiation of the Host is like a tea party?
Then when I bring the Host up here, ring the bell.
I had to flee France because I questioned, the real presence of Christ in the communion host.
I think I had some bad host at one of the masses yesterday.
I put the host on your tongue and you meditate.
I am curtsying to the Host, my Lady.
The body of Christ in the host seemed less of a mystery than what went on in their house, whose laundry got aired the next day.
Mike Rowe, the host of "Dirty Jobs," tells some compelling real-life job stories. Listen for his insights and observations about the nature of hard work, and how it’s been unjustifiably degraded in society today.
But a couple of months later, I actually had a chance to interview Ira Glass, who's the host of the show.
Pluralizing the marriage was Heather Hundin,a renowned pet psychologist and host of the weekly radio show "doggonit".
This is Peter Vincent... back once more with you... as host of Fright Night.
Your sister told me that you used to dress up like old ladies and host make-believe tea parties.
Beloved television host Emmet Cole has been reported missing.
Were you planning on eventually sleeping with the host?
As the host of "The Dating Game"... "The Gong Show," "Rah-Rah Show"...
This is the home of our host Annie Miller.
I'm Al Borland, your host. Al Borland.
So basically, viruses can't replicate themselves; they need a host.
But again Veslovsky persuaded him, and again, the marsh being a narrow one, Levin as a hospitable host remained with the vehicles.
There are other parasites that do this -- which render the host sterile.
The whole looked, as the host of the Rochester Arms had said, "quite a desolate spot."
Biological -- there's autoimmune diseases, where the body attacks itself a little too overzealously and destroys the host, or the person.
The host himself brought my breakfast into the parlour.
He is a dear child, just like this host of ours: hear him!' he added, listening to the cries of 'Hurrah!'
He was certainly a good-natured fellow, and Levin felt sorry for him and ashamed of himself as a host when he noticed the shyness of Vasenka's look.
'Yes, that is a sophistical explanation,' put in Veslovsky. 'Oh, our host!' he said, addressing a peasant who had opened the creaking barn doors and was entering.
It wouldn't be Dax, so it must be the host.
How many of my readers would have the industry and application to memorize two thousand verses, even for a Dore Bible?
He owed his success to both ability and industry.
I honour endurance, perseverance, industry, talent; because these are the means by which men achieve great ends and mount to lofty eminence.
Their interest grew stronger, and their industry kept pace with it.
We have all been led to believe that through honest labor... industry and optimism... we can achieve success, and enjoy prosperity.
In this connection, I support the proposals for industrial conversion and those for efforts to identify new directions that industry should be taking.
Thanks to Fen's genius and my industry... we are rich.
It is quite clear that by the discussions here today we are setting up a European military state with its own arms industry, and neutral countries such as Ireland should be well aware of this.
You're a model of efficiency and industry, John.
We brought English industry to the wilds of Maine and built a fishing business the likes of which America had never seen.
Now not being a drug company, we could do certain things, we had certain flexibilities, that I respect that a pharmaceutical industry doesn't have.
Needless to say, dealing in rice is a declining industry.
Could this little country, like a startup in a mature industry, be the spark plug that influences a 21st century of middle-class in China and India?
The economy of the island is dependent on the fishing industry.
But all of the people who I've spoken to who have fallen foul of the law, they have all said, "Please, please give us a chance to work in the legitimate industry.
The large firms in the industry call all the shots.
I really didn't want to do any of these products and very early in my career I decided I was not going to be in the computer industry.
Narrator: All of industry was in play, as investors flocked to place their bets.
And there are signs that the industry is getting the message.
And so the industry has spent over 100 million dollars specifically on bait stations to prevent termites from eating your house.
So for instance, here -- this suppression index is for 5,000 people picked in English books where there's no known suppression -- it would be like this, basically tightly centered on one.
It is not a thing to be used indiscriminately, but it is good upon occasion: as now, for instance.
Japan is full of beautiful cities. Kyoto and Nara, for instance.
We had these big things that I weigh the bison on, for instance.
Last Sunday, for instance, that session went on till the evening.
The average Westerner, in his sleek complacency, will see in the tea ceremony but another instance of the thousand and one oddities which constitute the quaintness and childishness of the East to him.
For instance, here they are laying down the balloon fabric behind, which is eventually going to be filled up with helium.
Sympathies, I believe, exist (for instance, between far-distant, long-absent, wholly estranged relatives asserting, notwithstanding their alienation, the unity of the source to which each traces his origin) whose workings baffle mortal comprehension.
But not a big -- for instance, in zebras, they have a huge ear that's very mobile, so they can actually turn them both around.
For instance when the judge I'm painting at present comes he always comes through the door by the bed, and I've even given him a key to this door so that he can wait for me here in the studio when I'm not home.
The instance you check on it... it snaps intojust one of those possible positions.
In each instance, he allowed reasonable bail to be set.
Germany, however, cannot render any data on the outcome of second instance procedures.
And it may be that... I was not, in the first instance... kind to you.
The Court of Justice and the Court of First Instance have about 730 staff.
Experiments, facts, truth of the highest instance.
The court of first instance will not dare to side with us. We already know that.
The budget of the Court of Justice and its court of first instance will increase by 7.8% and that for the Court of Auditors by 9.3%.
McINTOSH (PPE). — Would the President-in-Office of the Council not accept that while the Commission is responsible in the first instance, the Council during its presidency should have a view as to which directorategeneral in the Commission is responsible?
By letter of 22 September 1994, the President of the Court of First Instance of the European Communities forwarded to the Council, in agreement with the Court of Justice, draft amendments to its Rules of Procedure.
And then -- sort of -- So not only the instruction is clear, but also the sanction, what will happen if you don't do what I tell you.
This means that the policy that the Actor implements now includes an instruction to avoid the odor that's in the right half of the chamber.
And you have to guess my mind. So you are under tremendous pressure because I don't give you instruction, and yet, you have to guess my mind.
Here, in fact, that's the lifeless environment where each instruction occurs at an equal frequency.
And when Karajan is asked about it he actually says, "Yes, the worst damage I can do to my orchestra is to give them a clear instruction.
As you know we have a vast network of operatives... and every instruction must be carried out to the letter.
Harassment, sexual harassment and an instruction to discriminate are also prohibited and defined in the recent directives.
Maybe it was my grandfather who turned the title page into an instruction.
It prohibits direct and indirect discrimination, instruction to discrimination and harassment, but allows positive action.
My first instruction to theater owners... hire Pinkerton guards to strictly enforce our unique admission policies.
So they did that, and over the last two years, over 600 hours of instruction has happened over Skype, using what my students call the granny cloud.
Your previous instruction in this subject has been disturbingly uneven.
What is involved is varying the timing and duration of instruction; it is also possible to vary the objectives, the stages of progression, the need for exercise, the grouping of pupils, assessment and control, homework, etc.
It seems like yesterday you were a little girl, squirming in your chair during instruction.
Also to be classified in this group are persons giving instruction in the practice of leisure pursuits such as dancing teachers, bridge instructors, etc.
They are almost grave and sedate under instruction... and they restrain themselves.
6, in education and instruction, the conscience and convierions of individuals shall be respected;
And we must begin instruction immediately, before your enemy attacks.
Once the child is at school parents "must ensure that the child... participates regularly in the instruction and other activities of the school and complies with the school rules".
I have never met a child so much in need of my instruction.
After a year, you can't get insurance on everything you have in it, only on 70 percent.
Insurance makes us remember that the world we live in isn't completely safe; we might fall ill, face danger or encounter the unexpected.
MO: The insurance won't cover it? You need a crew to tar your roof? CO: Six packs of juice boxes arriving in one hour?
It took me a year and a half to get the insurance just right.
I would bet many more of you insure your iPhone -- you're implicitly buying insurance by having an extended warranty.
There are many, many examples and I'll give you one that is not my favorite example: insurance.
In point of fact, no insurance covers acts of idiocy.
CO: The puppy's missing, and insurance just doesn't cover the chimneys.
Because we doctors do what we get paid to do, and we get trained to do what we get paid to do, so if we change insurance, then we change medical practice and medical education.
After the money she got from her dead husband's insurance why, it's just chicken feed.
Issuing an insurance policy against abduction by aliens seems a pretty safe bet.
Indeed, one of the advantages that the Americans will have in terms of power in Asia is all those countries want an American insurance policy against the rise of China.
The board of directors are going to try to vote me out this week but i've got an insurance policy that's gonna keep that from happening.
Thus, it is wise to ensure that they see a copy of the full policy -rather than simply the application form - before they pay the insurance premium.
I've put together a little insurance policy in case she ever found out what I was up to.
The Member State of provision of services may require the representative to help it verify the existence and validity of insurance cover.
But... in all that blathering, she did mention that she had an insurance policy against Cade.
The Member State of provision of services may require the representative to help it verify the existence and validity of insurance cover.
Having it in the safe was a violation of the terms of his insurance... which is why he hired us to find the thief who hired you.
(d) The handling bureau, in accordance with its national legal provisions and the provisions ot the pohev ol insurance, if one exists, shall act in the best interests ot the paying bureau.
Nine, ten, jack, queen, king.
The king's the father. The son is the jack.
The Jack holding his scepter in the wrong hand.
Ten, eight, three, a jack and a big king for me.
One eight, one jack, one seven, one ace,
I have ace, king, queen, jack and a ten.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven... jack, queen and king...
Eight, nine, ten, jack, queen, without king.
You should have seen the state of your dress. Hello. All stained with grease, the jack in hand.
- I bet we can use the jack from the car. - Of course.
You've come a long way from the first time you ever saw a jack.
The jack slipped and the car came down on him.
I have to get the car sorted, bring the jack.
Okay, you put the jack under the jeep and then put the handle in the base and ratchet it up and down, okay?
What if you got hit, and they went to get a jack?
Get a flat tire, can't use a jack, maybe you can pump the car with a glockenspiel".
I hit him with a jack handle once in the car.
What's the use if this kid's underwater by the time they bring back this jack?
But you don't have to wade through it. You don't have to go through the junk.
You needed to get life out of this junk that is present on the early Earth, four, 4.5 billion years ago.
We bleed because we are weak for Russian junk.
You bust into that dump she lives in, collect all her junk. Go down to the jail . Get her out.
Unbelievable that this little piece of junk could be such a big problem.
It's not junk, Kel. It's dad's life.
Hey, wait a minute, you'll have to fix that door someplace and get all this junk out of here.
Now, you can't tell me that anyone can build an automobile out of junk like that.
Well, if you'd been at Anzio, - you'd know what that junk means.
What do you expect me to do with this piece of junk?
I built a Chinese junk. Sailed it up from Brazil.
A junk is parting to the islands. They will take us.
So we may be looking at a scrap dealer or a junk collector.
On the first afternoon out we saw the black junk.
The men act like a pack of cutthroats, the decks look like a Singapore junk.
But this girl was last seen at a party aboard Han's private junk.
According to Aristotle, justice means giving people what they deserve.
"That's the figure of justice," said the painter, finally.
I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America, and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.
Well that idea of biomimicry, respecting the wisdom of all species, combined with the idea of democracy and social justice, respecting the wisdom and the worth of all people, would give us a different society.
"Yes," said the painter, "I had to paint it like that according to the contract. It's actually the figure of justice and the goddess of victory all in one."
Can we extend a hand to the people in the forgotten corners of this world who long for a chance at security and justice and a life shaped by the wish for dignity?
What was interesting about their ruling and about the discussion we've just had is that the discussion about the right, the justice, of the matter depended on figuring out what is the essential nature of golf.
From the wild stringy root of human uprightness, she has reared a due sense of the Divine justice.
Peace is not the absence of war; peace is a virtue, a mindset, a disposition towards kindness, trust, justice.
Let's take a contemporary example of the dispute about justice.
Some nut says he's gonna waste a supreme court justice.
We are also anxious to continue our input into the proposals by the European Commission and others for more effective laws, procedures and processes in the EU area of freedom, security and justice.
All persons having anything to do before the honourable justice of the district court, James E Hannon, now sitting at Lee, within and for the county of Berkshire, draw near, give your attendance, and you shall be heard.
There can be no substitute for the Court of Justice in the formation of a truly European legal culture.
Eurojust’s role as supporter and facilitator of crossborder cooperation and coordination between the national investigators and prosecutors in the Member States makes the Unit a key player in strengthening the EU area of freedom, security and justice.
Because the legal profession applies the law... not to further the cause of justice but to procrastinate till the next amnesty... so before long most criminals are back in the street.
I just come to tell you, the law ain't coming for you, Joss.
These indicators, as with those relative to justice and law enforcement, could also be added to the second group of indicators and contribute to other measurement methods aimed at objectifying the sensibilities and mobilisation of social partners with regard to discrimination issues.
Well, we three saw the book, young and none of us want trouble with the law.
It's nice to see some cooperation with the law, especially from a company that preys on human weaknesses.
Under the Law of April 1995, applicants for Estonian nationality must sit an examination to test their command of the Estonian language and their knowledge of the country's history and institutions.
I got him locked in, but if he escapes, he'll go to the law.
0811 cooperation policy humanitarian aid political refugee refugee air lane USE air traffic control (4806) aid to undertakings MT 7 606 economic policy UF salvage grant UF subsidy for undertakings air law MT BT1 NT1 NT1 RT
Go and tell him if he ain't packed up and gone in half an hour, we'll have the law in to turn him out.
‘What outcomes should regulation achieve for individuals, society and regulators?’; compiling a register of cooperation and supervision in the area of law enforcement in the EU, which was then adopted by the European conference;
In a little over 13 minutes the law will arrive.
Because this can be taken for advertising, and because of the law, it has to be taken down."
Such, I have long known, is the paradoxical law of all sentiments having terror as a basis.
In North America it is against the law to fail to fasten your seatbelt.
I learned that it was against the law in Kenya.
"I would remind you of your lady's existence, sir, which the law recognises, if you do not."
And one of the guys who already had a seat was very -- because Liberia has one of the strongest rape laws, and he was one of those really fighting in parliament to overturn that law because he called it barbaric.
I was rich enough now--yet poor to hideous indigence: a nature the most gross, impure, depraved I ever saw, was associated with mine, and called by the law and by society a part of me.
The new law has deprived the citizens of their liberty.
And that law was called the Audio Home Recording Act of 1992.
Yet the law and the circumstances of our position are such that thousands of complications appear which at present, while resting after all her sufferings and trials, she neither sees nor wishes to see.
With a split wing we get the lift at the upper wing, and we get the propulsion at the lower wing.
It flies through the ocean on its pectoral fins, gets lift, powers its movements with a lunate tail.
Your homework is -- you know, how does an aircraft's wing create lift?
These subheadings only cover machines in which lift and propulsion are achieved by means of one or more engine-driven rotors.
And to all you GI boys and girls a long, long way from home, and to all our British friends as well, we hope to give you a little lift.
This subheading covers, in particular, landplanes and seaplanes, including vertical-take-off aircraft, in which lift in level flight is achieved by means of airfoils (wings).
That way, thrust number 20.3 pounds times eight is exactly the amount of lift I'm gonna have.
These subheadings only cover machines in which lift and propulsion are achieved by means of one or more engine-driven rotors.
That's a huge lift to both our social lives.
This subheading covers only machines in which lift and propulsion are achieved by means of one or more engine-driven rotors.
You have a series of buttons. You actually choose your lift music.
But I met him there by the lift, and he just went... mental!
There he met his first problem: the numbers in the lift were not written in braille nor were they raised so he did not know which button to press.
"Someone is waiting for you downstairs," and I'll get in the lift down... and there's Keith Richards waiting on the sofa in the lobby.
1 : support for rod-drive motor ; 2 : rod drive and connection; 3: detector; 4: fixed reflector; 5: movable reflector; 6: core withdrawn from reflector; 7: lift.
There is a great package for you, but the lift does it not. Helps you mind?
Now we are preparinga play about 5 persons trapped in a lift.
I just know how long it takes... to get here from the lift.
If the complete assembly is not 'machinery' (for example if it is a lift excluded from the directive), it will not apply.
Yeah, the teleport in the lift. A bit rubbish.
You know, if you guys are interested, there's a technique where I can take a lock of your hair, refine it into carbon dust, and use the hydraulic press at work to turn it into a tiny little diamond with your DNA in it.
Phony as a lock of Elvis's hair from a Memphis souvenir shop.
I asked her for a lock of her hair.
Each one contains a lock of hair of the person in the part from behind and the respective name carved in the ivory.
Oh, well, that's nice. - Selma, my dear, your lock of MacGyver's hair.
Lock of hair, completes our goal to help us reclaim our sister's soul
You will think me a sentimental old fluff, but would you mind giving me a lock of your hair?
I was going through Glen's treasure box the other day, and I found a lock of blonde hair.
A lock of the Queen's hair shall soon be mine.
(EXCLAIMS) "I return your letters as you request, "together with a lock of hair which you so obligingly bestowed on me.
Once they're fully deployed, there's a mechanical lock that goes into place, again, from inside the cockpit.
Tom put the key in the lock and paused a moment before he turned it.
Maybe they could afford a lock for the door and feel secure.
Tom put the key in the lock and paused a moment before he turned it.
The door will not open; lock must be out of order.
Well, why? Well, it'd be a lot cheaper in the long run than ruining the lock.
They are normally entered only via a lock and are used to ensure the "double containment" required when working with plutonium.
I had just discovered that the lock was broken, sir.
The capacity of this link can also be increased by adding a fourth lock at Ternaaien.
You folks all know that, well, the jail's only got one cell, and the lock's broke, and I sleep in it.
However he might seem to us he is still in the service of the law, so he belongs to the law, so he's beyond what man has a right to judge.
She stuck it down and gave it to the man. Then, afraid to remain alone now, she followed him out of the room and went to the nursery.
The man was cleaning lamp-glasses and seemed quite absorbed in his task.
She had sent a man and a maidservant to look for him and sat waiting.
The man replied that the Count had gone to the stables.
By the way, Bates will look after you, if you haven't brought a man of your own.
We fight for a free land where no man has to bow.
Your Lordship. -We've got bags, guns and no man.
She has no time for a man who serves that tyrant.
Apparently his man speaks no English, so Mr Pamuk decided to leave him in London.
I thought if I had the right house or the right car or the right man in my life, then I could be happy.
"This will be your luggage, I suppose?" said the man rather abruptly when he saw me, pointing to my trunk in the passage.
The man reading a paper over there is my uncle.
And the man said, "He's come down a long way, hasn't he?"
St. John was not a man to be lightly refused: you felt that every impression made on him, either for pain or pleasure, was deep-graved and permanent.
The old man served the king for many years.
I told her he was rather an ugly man, but quite a gentleman; and that he treated me kindly, and I was content.
Ben, if anything, is a sensible man.
I still don't understand this one Russian man working in his bare chest, but that tells you how hard he was working.
"And did you ever hear that my father was an avaricious, grasping man?"
But the under surfaces of the huge masses of agitated vapor, as well as all terrestrial objects immediately around us, were glowing in the unnatural light of a faintly luminous and distinctly visible gaseous exhalation which hung about and enshrouded the mansion.
My tolerance for your smoking in the mansion notwithstanding, smoke that in here and you'll spend the rest of your days under the belief you are a six-year-old girl.
You're staying in your Beverly Hills mansion in Yokohama.
- I said, you'll simply put the mansion back in the state it was at the turn of the century.
This is the Sutton mansion. I'm just a guy from California wanted by the police. They'll grab me as soon as I open my mouth.
any reason we couldn't have met at the mansion ?
coming from the mansion of a billionaire running for state senate.
Oh, yes, we will egg Trip's fucking mansion, but first... you see, the pleasure comes from being a shadow in the night, silent, until they arrive back at their smug little establishment,
Certainly this mansion being a Gaudi which is a Spanish designer.
Now the people in this mansion will feel safe!
So I went to Al Dunlap's grand Florida mansion that was filled with sculptures of predatory animals.
The old mansion on the estate had been pulled down long ago, but there was a smaller house which had been enlarged and decorated by the Prince.
He was very rich, and therefore could buy a mansion.
The burglar must have entered the mansion from the roof.
(a derelict mansion), to provide employment and training opportunities for those involved, and to support the integration of foreign residents into the economic and cultural life of the city.
She doesn't belong in a mansion but then she doesn't belong above a garage either.
It was a sex party in a mansion in Pasadena.
Michael, my sensors have picked up some animal cries coming from a room at the far end of the mansion.
Erin, do the Northridges really live in a mansion?
Senor Espinoza will remain at the mansion until he speaks here at the rally Friday morning.
The measure we've used, because it's easy to understand and you can download it, is how much richer the top 20 percent than the bottom 20 percent in each country.
Because it's not about fooling somebody, it's actually giving somebody a measure of their own belief: how much you want to be fooled.
I mean, all of the improvements he made -- and it's justifiable that our measure of energy, the watt, today is named after him.
We can't sustain this without the measure of our success really changing the fate of the species in the yellow and the red.
But if you break a gourd, you cannot simply throw it away, because every stroke of that stick that has built up that calcium, the measure of a man's life, has a thought behind it.
And no doubt reveal yet another measure of your power.
And from this meaningless circumstance, I foresee a certain measure of....
Now we must find the right measure of timing and degree of future developments and all this at a time when our European Union is also in the process of organising its security policy.
An extra measure of security to guard the things he valued most.
This is the measure we have used for 10,000 years.
Whole note, two half-notes and four quarters to a measure.
Without an accompanying mastery of at least one-tenth its measure of grace, such erudition is worthless, sir.
Second beat of the third measure, on ""E. ""
Second beat of the fourth measure, on ""F. ""
What if I add a triplet at the fourth beat of the second measure?
And now, ladies and gentlemen, please join with me in welcoming and honoring the man who five months ago brought back from Antarctica the first documented Mercury meteorite,
Slovenia has a variety of naturalresources (lead, zinc, mercury, coal, oiland timber) and its industry is verydiversified.
But he, poor man, by your first order died, and that a winged mercury did bear. Some tardy cripple bore the countermand.
Emotional buttons will do so in both good and bad ways, and with Mercury in retrograde, be careful with any mechanical devices.
There was a flying mercury yesterday and the two Napoleons the very day you came.
And this includes 5,000 pounds of mercury from our dental fillings alone every year.
Well, there won't be any fish except for minnows, and the water will be pretty dirty, and all those kinds of things and full of mercury, etc., etc.
We tend to think of oil spills and mercury and we hear a lot about plastic these days.
says we have 219 toxic pollutants in our bodies, and this includes preservatives, pesticides and heavy metals like lead and mercury.
Some fish concentrate these substances things like mercury, heavy metals of various sorts the pesticides, the herbicides.
Among the pollutants to which first priority should be given were lead and its compounds, sulphur compounds, nitrogen oxides, carbon monoxides and various inorganic micropollutants such as mercury, cadmium, zinc, arsenic and cyanide.
The Commission has chosen the following substances from the 'black list' for priority action: mercury, cadmium, aldrin, dieldrin and endrin.
Contamination by mercury and pesticides was very high in the Rhine following the fire.
You give them money so they can destry whales or dump mercury in the lake.
Survey of the literature on the elements arsenic, lead, cadmium, mercury and tin
We've got to get our hero, Captain Willard, to the mouth of the Nung River so he can go pursue Colonel Kurtz.
The mouth of the cave was up the hillside--an opening shaped like a letter A. Its massive oaken door stood unbarred.
"No it ain't, Huck, no it ain't. It would ha'nt the place where he died--away out at the mouth of the cave--five mile from here."
The mouth of the Mississippi-- Has to be a port here.
Moni Ilarion (04) upstream of the Polyphyte reservoir (150 km upstream of the mouth)
Sailing south by south-east, we come upon the mouth of the Seine.
The oldest is a medieval cog, dating from the 13th century, found at the mouth of the Prerowstrom north of Prerow.
- At the mouth of the valley... against the cliffs.
Kastraki (06) downstream of the reservoir (50 km upstream of the mouth)
Those who don't arrive by then should make their way down the ravine to Rio Grande, and from there to the mouth of Santa Elena.
Miss Bürstner, laughing as she listened to him, laid her forefinger on her mouth so that K. would not shout, but it was too late.
The potato was so hot that it burned my mouth.
You put the stick in the powder to take the sacred ashes -- well, they're not ashes, they're burnt limestone -- to empower the coca leaf, to change the pH of the mouth to facilitate the absorption of cocaine hydrochloride.
"Who gave it to you?" She laid one finger on her mouth and concealed the amulet in her bosom.
Don't curse or I'll wash your mouth out with soap.
They haven't asked me what kind of the quality of the drinking water that I put in my mouth or the food that I ingest into my stomach.
And to show that all was now well and satisfactory, she slightly opened her mouth, smacked her sticky lips, and drawing them more closely over her old teeth lay still in blissful peace.
You have one mouth and two ears, so listen more and speak less.
Just before sunrise, he tips his shell up, the water runs down into his mouth, has a good drink, goes off and hides for the rest of the day.
He clung to it with desperate hands, and, at the moment when he opened his mouth to utter a second cry, he beheld the formidable and avenging face of Quasimodo thrust over the edge of the balustrade above his head.
So I went with a mystery that I thought I could solve.
Not with Richard Bravo on the scene especially if it's a mystery story, as you said.
I can't believe we're even having this conversation it's like we're in a fucking murder mystery!
Every great romance or mystery has a train in it.
A mystery that didn't sell and has been translated into odd languages.
-There's not much. A mystery that's been translated.
A month ago, Sharona wrote a murder mystery about a woman who kills her husband using a virtually untraceable poison.
What kind of degenerate tears out the last two pages of a Diagnosis Murder mystery book?
They just got in the new Mickey Mallet mystery!
All the way back into early philosophy and certainly throughout the history of neuroscience, this has been one mystery that has always resisted elucidation, has got major controversies.
It is still a mystery why she killed herself.
So what we need to know to even address this mystery is, number one, how are minds are put together in the brain, and, number two, how selves are constructed.
One American scientist, William Keeton, used a very interesting experiment to solve this mystery.
This is a mystery that has really been extremely hard to elucidate.
It is still a mystery why he suddenly left the town.
So every year, on the same day -- and it's a mystery exactly how that happens -- each colony sends out its virgin, unmated queens with wings, and the males, and they all fly to a common place. And they mate.
Whether Shakespeare wrote this poem or not will probably remain a mystery.
It's a mystery, it's magic, it's divinity.
Despite the importance of sleep, its purpose is a mystery.
Remember, every spot on here is a galaxy, and you see the galaxies, you know, sort of in our neighborhood, and you sort of see the structure.
They hung about the neighborhood of the tavern until after nine, one watching the alley at a distance and the other the tavern door.
My neighborhood has a parade on the 4th of July.
Because, when I told her I was going out to play with the kids, I was going door to door in the neighborhood to collect coat hangers to put in the basement to sell.
As the twilight drew on, they found themselves hanging about the neighborhood of the little isolated jail, perhaps with an undefined hope that something would happen that might clear away their difficulties.
If a fire should break out in your neighborhood, what would you do?
It's the little old lady that lives in a shoe, and then this thing -- the title of that was, "There Goes the Neighborhood."
There are a handful of naughty boys in my neighborhood.
A bunch of happy families in a neighborhood is a happy community.
The swimming pool is used in common by all the children in the neighborhood.
Super fun, and it happens in a very transitional neighborhood.
The neighborhood has been gentrified. Now it's teeming with pretend hipsters slurping skinny lattes at Starbucks. They gather round coffee and free Wi-Fi like bees round a honeypot.
They were basically asked by one of their clients who was going to buy houses in that neighborhood in the future.
If I showed you my house, my neighborhood back then, would you understand where I am from?
What I'm going to show you for a couple of minutes is a facility that I built in the toughest neighborhood in Pittsburgh with the highest crime rate.
My neighborhood has a parade on the 4th of July.
Manchester Craftsmen's Guild is named after my neighborhood.
Everything that you’re smelling in here is made up of atoms that come from what I call the Upper East Side of the periodic table -- a nice, safe neighborhood.
It was young, single women who were the major purchasers of houses in the neighborhood.
Here is another pretty typical scene. This is a suburban Las Vegas neighborhood.
Well, one may have been gross sales, one may have been net sales, but I want to know that all the numbers make sense together.
Income tax bracket 3. That's about 1.6, 1.7 net.
But gross is much larger than net, and with the licensing deal you'll get a piece of every single unit sold.
And the Tooth Fairy steps right in, nothing changes, and I get a net gain of zero.
Ladies and gentlemen, because we concrete shall see what we have accomplished .. .. our company's net profits!
I can tell you, now that the question has been raised, that in 1987 Spain will have a net budget surplus in relation to the Community of 400 million ECU.
We needed something to hold the net up out there in the middle of the traffic circle.
"'Despite the prejudices that still invest a part of the face of Europe like a net, the light nevertheless begins to penetrate our country places.
She dared to walk the tightrope without a net.
Sports mania: deafening crowds, all for one idea -- get the ball in the net.
"I am no bird; and no net ensnares me; I am a free human being with an independent will, which I now exert to leave you."
I have never seen this picture on the net.
They intently followed the ball sent to them, neither hurrying nor hesitating, ran toward it with agility, waited for it to bounce, and then striking it with the racket sent it back across the net with good aim and precision.
It seems that I often see mean and disparaging behavior towards individuals on the net.
This is how they were advertising themselves a decade ago on the Net.
The tennis etiquette is, both the players have to come to the net and shake hands.
If you make some noise you can feel the effect.
She listened stupidly to the noise made by this drop of water as it fell into the pool beside her.
On hearing the noise, my brother started to cry.
Yet I could see soiled nappies, and I could see that some of the children were distressed, but the only noise was a low, continuous moan.
Anna, who had forgotten her agitation while she was working, stood at a table in the sitting-room packing her hand-bag when Annushka drew her attention to the noise of approaching carriage wheels.
Either turn down that noise or turn it off.
But there was one persistent noise that Jansky couldn't identify, and it seemed to appear in his radio headset four minutes earlier each day.
She listened for steps, cries, the noise of the ploughs, and she stopped short, white, and trembling more than the aspen leaves swaying overhead.
Tom heard a noise behind him and turned around to see what it was.
She heard a noise above her; it was Felicite drumming on the windowpanes to amuse little Berthe.
And this noise is like a "shhhhhhhhhhhhh," like that.
The fresh breeze which follows the current of a stream, rustled the leaves of the only tree planted on the point of the Terrain, with a noise that was already perceptible.
And to use our advanced technologies to pull out what is beneficial from this sea of noise, basically.
You take all of the conflict, all of the chaos, all of the noise, and out of that comes this precise mathematical distribution of the way attacks are ordered in this conflict.
I call this process "patternicity" -- that is, the tendency to find meaningful patterns in both meaningful and meaningless noise.
The white noise is the sum of all frequencies that are audible by the human being, brought to the same intensity.
And you can see, using the old gamma technology, that it just looked like noise.
Up high, these variable lines indicate increasing noise in this frequency range from higher wind and wave.
That Earth would likely warm in the 1980's, and warming would exceed the noise level of random weather by the end of the century.
That sparkle you're seeing is not luminescence, that's just electronic noise on these super intensified cameras.
And the dog can take a note, and I've got my own little search-and-rescue dog.
And when I come back, there will be a note from Kitty.
Tom found the note that Mary had left for him.
So here's a note to self: The cracks have started to show in our constructed world, and oceans will continue to surge through the cracks, and oil and blood, rivers of it.
My father received just such a note before he was murdered.
Can you, Mr President, on behalf of Parliament, send a note of solidarity to them and advise them of the actions you are going to take?
Then you threw that note in at my window hoping to throw me off your trail.
On a more positive note, the degree of divergence in individual Member States' inflation performances continues to narrow.
That note you found in your room was typed on his typewriter and as a result of the assignation, victim number three.
He left a note for me, saying Teacher died of poisoning.
After examining the note the porter's assistant stopped her at the inner glass door.
Soon he produced his pocket-book: "Here," said he, offering me a note; it was fifty pounds, and he owed me but fifteen.
We suspect he counterfeited a bank note last year, forged an Emerson letter, and smuggled Egyptian artifacts.
I would suggest that the currency should, in its physical form, reflect national identities as well as a European Union identity, perhaps by making one side of a note different to the other.
Like I get some cash and a bank note.
It's a bank note, French, 500 francs.
Even when full employment had once more been attained formal note at least had to be taken of the slender remnants of some of the rights fought for by the working class movement so as not to put at risk continued loyalty to the regime.
What the clerk saw in the note was not Bolivia.
If you read the minutes and take note of our discussions, you will realize that they were exactly the same as the discussions we are having today.
Now, here is the smith's note for shoeing and plough-irons.
He finally noticed they were speaking to him but he did not understand them, all he heard was a noise that filled all the space and through which there seemed to be an unchanging higher note sounding, like a siren.
A note was attached to the document with a paper clip.
I thought, "Why can I not connect the normal interface of a physical sticky note to the digital world?"
A note was accordingly addressed to that lady, who returned for answer, that "I might do as I pleased: she had long relinquished all interference in my affairs."
Then, please give him this note. This is urgent.
So I'm going to leave you with a final note about the complexity of the brain and how much more we have to go.
I noticed a note on my desk, but I do not know who wrote it.
And she wrote a little note, she said, "Hey Rags, thank you for the magic carpet ride around the world."
It's not very clever of you that you threw away that note.
A dog that had never met capric acid would, perhaps, have no more trouble imagining its smell than we would have trouble imagining a trumpet, say, playing one note higher than we've heard a trumpet play before.
The electron -- the thing that goes around the atomic nucleus -- held around in orbit, by the way, by the electromagnetic force that's carried by this thing, the photon.
There are very industrious experiments being built on Earth -- one called LIGO -- which will detect deviations in the squeezing and stretching of space at less than the fraction of a nucleus of an atom over four kilometers.
An elementary particle with a positive charge which combines with neutrons to form an atomic nucleus.
The atom nucleus is comprised of positively-charged protons and neutrally-charged neutrons.
The idea that the nucleus of an atom is unstable if it has too many neutrons also applies to very big elements such as uranium.
1m radiation. But this only refers to technologiesinvolving the atomic nucleus.
In 1913 Neils Bohr and Walter Bothe suggested that there was a nucleus containing protons and neutrons surrounded by electrons in orbits.
And the cell will actually manufacture the parts that it needs on the fly, from information that's brought from the nucleus by molecules that read the genes.
Under those conditions, the FOXO protein in blue has gone into the nucleus -- that little compartment there in the middle of the cell -- and it's sitting down on a gene binding to it.
Well when the daf-2 receptor is active, then it triggers a series of events that prevent FOXO from getting into the nucleus where the DNA is.
Wouldn't this nucleus of survivors... be so grief-stricken and anguished that they... well, envy the dead and not want to go on living?
The heads of the statistical offices of EC Member States agree on the ESA-REG, the very first method of European regional accounts and the nucleus of the regional account of government.
I just transposed the principle of an electron gravitating around the nucleus.
Fig 2: Human heterogeneous primary fetal brainstem cellpreparation showing that a proportion of the cells (cell nucleus stained blue) are stem cells, showing thecharacteristic filamentous expression of the neural stem cell marker, nestin (in green).
I think it's time to face the fact that Leonard is the nucleus of your group.
Ionizing radiation can cause harmful changes in the nucleus.
And, like organisms on Earth, has what appears to be a nucleus, cytoplasm...
In this nursery, we're going to grow 10 times more than the number of species.
I was on the way from the nursery to school bringing flowers for parent-teacher night.
Important areas for consideration include characterisation of species and populations, genetic characterisation of new species of interest, breeding and vegetative propagation, nursery and plantation techniques, as well as evaluation of the wood as to its suitability for use in thermochemical conversion systems.
At the MacDougal's Connecticut compound, Bunny gave Charlotte a tour of her nursery.
Plant passport requirements and practical elements of passport inspection were discussed, as were requirements for nursery stock, fruit trees, ornamentals, vegetables and soft fruit plants and harmful organisms affecting such plants.
They found crates of these at a nursery just a few miles out.
I closed the nursery to go on vacation with you.
Hundreds of kilometres to the north the Dutch nursery, Bier, was forced to spend large sums of money reducing the salt content of the Rhine water.
I took the leaves to a Japanese nursery, said I liked trees.
New methods of breeding higher-performance varieties (vegetative multiplication) and progress in the mechanization of nursery operations are likely to lead to a market increase in productivity in this sector.
If you think nursery, kindergarten, first years of school are just dedicated to take away the children, to make them used to staying long hours away from their family.
Lindholm gained fame after a hostage taking at a nursery school in Malmö.
Treating us as if we're still in the nursery.
Pete, I need you to call the set design guys and have them make the green room into a nursery.
The Irish educational system offers a variety of possibilities from nursery school onwards.
I have to deal with kids all day in the nursery and...
The first workplace nursery for workers in the private sector is being opened in Autumn 1990 by a bank.
Every time I pick up Ginny from nursery school, she changes.
A study carried out in France showed that children who had attended nursery school had a better chance of success at school than those who had not - and this was true of all classes of society.
Sweetheart, you don't know how thrilled I was to find you still in the nursery.
She knew he was screaming before she reached the nursery.
Several times a day he went to the nursery, and remained there so long that the nurses, who had been shy in his presence, became quite used to him.
In the nursery the luxury noticeable in the rest of the house struck Dolly still mare strongly.
A few minutes after she had gone, Levin too was called to her in the nursery.
He will be awake now and is certainly screaming.' And feeling the flow of milk, she went with rapid steps to the nursery.
It seemed to him that he had a reply to that question; but he had no time to express it to himself before he entered the nursery.
On the plea of giving her dolls some dinner she had obtained leave from the governess to take her plateful of pudding to the nursery, but had brought it to her brother instead.
The day after her arrival it poured with rain and in the night the rain came through into the passage and nursery, so that the children's beds had to be carried into the drawing-room.
Completely to regain her composure, she went to the nursery and spent the evening with her son. She put him to bed herself, made the sign of the cross over him, and tucked him up.
Leaving his tea and regretting the interruption in the interesting conversation, yet uneasy as to why he was sent for, as this only happened on important occasions; Levin went to the nursery.
Aah! No, I don't want you to be a nut.
A hole runs through the centre of each panel; this hole is lined with a metal tube with an extension—consisting of a nut which is welded to the tube—to the outside surface (i.e. the extrados) of the panel.
I don't know if he's an extortionist, or a nut, as you say, or a man who believes this to be so.
Steel wedge-shaped nut (30 mm χ 48 mm χ 22 mm) having a transverse slot (depth 10 mm, width 4 mm) and a seamed hole through its centre (diameter 16 mm).
Screw: M5 χ 10 mm Nut: M5 Assembling of bow
I'm a neurotic nut but you're crazy.
The Zone had let you through earlier, under the nut, so it became clear that only you could go through the meat mincer.
The tube is provided with a pressure-resistant, circular nozzle plate with a central hole and this plate is firmly secured to the tube with the aid of a two-pan screw joint (nut and cap-nut).
That's the nut that caught me the other night.
Michelle, sorry. I thought it was a nut calling.
And I suppose some nut has had a gold thali that he's eaten off of.
Look, I know Erik missed his big chance to, like, sleep with the one girl that, I'm assuming, everybody in this room would lop off your left nut to bang.
French, too, gives us many a hard nut to crack: for instance, it is not always easy to ascertain whether by "diffusion" a French man means diffusion or scatter or propagation. tion.
I can't tell you how many times I've been sitting in my living room... with a nut thinking, "If only I had a way to crack this."
The guy lost a nut and gained a second asshole.
And I'd give my left nut for this lunch to be over.
What I meant was when people who don't know you, know how great you are, sometimes have trouble seeing past your... hard candy shell... to the delicious nut inside.
You're going to blow off my one last nut.
I've seen successful patients like this nut here... go as flat as a newspaper and start shaving the walls.
I need fuckin' Tony B up there like I need a third nut.
In order to do that in 20 minutes, I have to bring out four ideas -- it's like four pieces of a puzzle.
Diana and Mary will be at home in a week, and I want to have everything in order against their arrival."
I wouldn't use a washing machine whose switch isn't completely in order.
Why? Well of course there was the issue of law and order collapsing, but also, as they say in the retail trade, it's location, location, location.
TOM joined the new order of Cadets of Temperance, being attracted by the showy character of their "regalia."
If your prices are competitive, we will place a large order.
And I started to bring some order into some flags.
When everything was in order and the vehicles had been brought back to the road, Levin gave orders for lunch to be served.
Everyone is entitled to a social and international order in which the rights and freedoms set forth in this Declaration can be fully realized.
But we do know that the self-organization trend throughout the universe is long, and it began with things like galaxies; they maintained their order for billions of years.
Now it matters what order you do the operations in.
What I'd like each of you to do is to call out for me any six of your seven digits, any six of them, in any order you'd like.
Again, I'll use the words in the same order he did.
What I if I did it in the other order? Would it make any difference?
I wouldn't tell them what it was, but it was in alphabetical order, and I would tell them to look for their names, their family names, their mother's maiden name.
Because, after all, in that framework, between page one and 300, you have to answer this question of why things happen, how things happen, in what order they happen. What are the influences?
If you were born after computers and paper, it doesn't really matter which order you're taught with them in, you just want to have the best tool.
He says, "Of course they do. They go in the order in which they were built.
You try them all in order: Mmm...?
Now, these mice are so arranged upon this rack that when played in the correct order they will squeak "The Bells of St. Mary."
First, I'm going to do an outline of my new website.
I have your outline here, but why not stop by tomorrow?
This outline shall be drawn up in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 12.
13.An outline of the conclusions shall be distributed on the day of the European Council meeting in good time for the start of proceedings.
Once the organizer has said the usual words of welcome and introduction, the group leader will give a brief ten to twenty-minute outline of the purpose of the evening. (See suggestions for introductory speech on page 13.)
The ERDF has in this way obliged the Member States to draw up regional development programmes in accordance with a common outline prescribed by the Regional Policy Committee.
The part of the readings represented by k must be included in any assessment made according to the above outline.
The experts were requested to use the following outline for the presentation of their cases:
This outline of what regional development programmes should contain is indicative and should be interpreted in a flexible manner.
The outline of this block is shown in Table 1.
I want to repitch my idea, and in case you don't remember, the outline is, "let's kill everyone. "
An outline of the Energy and Transport DG's activities,with figures,is contained inan annex.
Two SMEs from different Member States identifying a common interesting RTD project can, on the base of a short outline proposal, receive funding (75 % of total costs), for preparing a full proposal.
It gives the background to the TIAH project (Chapter 1), an outline of the methodology (Chapter 2), an overall view of the project's development and an eurostat catalogue 1993
A broad outline of Commission policy is given here while the particularsectors are dealt with individually in Part One, Chapter II.
– concrete measures for the demand and supply side of cooling;– an outline of associated costs and savings;– advice for integrated planning; – benchmarks;– checklists for new building and refurbishments.
Eric Giler wants to untangle our wired lives with cable-free electric power. Here, he covers what this sci-fi tech offers, and demos MIT's breakthrough version, WiTricity -- a near-to-market invention that may soon recharge your cell phone, car, pacemaker.
If I come to see you and I beep, you'll know it's my pacemaker.
“You might have a pacemaker slightly bigger than two twoeuro coins, but it has to be accompanied by a book of instructions running to more than 1,000 pages,” says Eucomed’s Dario Pirovano.
It's going to take me a few minutes to log on to the pacemaker.
I woke up with a new pacemaker at the Maple hospital.
He had me intubate and extubate Mrs Pollard, float a Swan on Mr Kalka, a paracentesis, a radial art line, then place a transvenous pacemaker for a heart block.
See, i-it, um, it governs my neural network and helps control the power of the Intersect, almost like a, uh, like a pacemaker would for the heart.
Even if you're right, that external pacemaker's gonna fail eventually, and I don't have the skills to put in a permanent one.
Or until Sam's well enough that he doesn't need an angelic pacemaker or I find a way to tell him.
He needs a pacemaker and has checked into a hospital under the pseudonym Harry Lime.
But what's really amazing is that the cells, when we electrically stimulate them, like with a pacemaker, that they beat so much more.
It's this democracy of 10,000 cells that all have to fire in unison for the pacemaker to work correctly.
The implant is just like a pacemaker... right under the skin.
The Allgemeine Elektricitäts-Gesellschaft (AEG) in Berlin thus became the pacemaker of course-based training in Germany.
When Duke woke up from his heart surgery when he had his pacemaker put in, I gave him this.
It is important to know whether the patient wears a pacemaker or what medicines he takes since some medicines should not be combined with others.
With the use of Dr. Woodcomb's card key Major Casey entered the hospital's restricted area and planted the GLG-4000 on Ahmad's pacemaker.
In the USA, the pacemaker in the information industry, the wide development of on-line access to statistical data is due to big hosts such as DRI, the production of data being realized by institutes separate from the equivalent of national statistical services.
You should've gotten a cardiology fellow to give Mrs Zuckerman a transvenous pacemaker one hour ago.
Your ribs could be fractured, and you need to get your pacemaker checked.
If your pen could replicate, that would be a bit of a problem.
Here there was a break in the lines, as if the old fellow had dropped his pen to dream a little while.
His hand was trembling as he picked up his pen to sign.
I whipped out my pen, and I started drawing on her head and I drew a crown for her.
At the head of the bed there was a niche in the wall where, fastidiously tidy, stood a candle, a bottle of ink, and a pen with a bundle of papers which were probably to do with the trial.
I bought a pen, but I lost it.
And I must say, before I go on, I should ask every one of you to try and get out pen and paper because I'm actually going to ask you to help me to look at how we do that.
Once the sketch is completed, ink it with a nib pen.
He's taken the pen, and he's moving it towards the heart, and he's putting it on the heart, and then he feels the heartbeats from the real living patient.
He shut himself up in his consulting-room, took a pen, and after sobbing for some time, wrote—
I've been sitting in a muddy pen wrapped in chains for the past year.
Will Hendricks' pig got out of its pen, went feral, started tearing up my mama's vegetable patch.
I'd be pleased to clean the Sun-Eater's pen for you, Superman.
Well, when Paula so sweetly banished Ethel and Albert to that pen, - I was working with Sarang, right?
I opened the gate to their pen, but they wouldn't run.
Well, he's back in his pen, safe and sound, probably dreaming of the day he grows up and becomes a pork chop.
Speaking of which, I should get him back to the holding pen.
There once was a cock and a hen who gave lunch to a goose in a pen.
But I was nowhere near the pen when it happened. That's true.
If the officer is honest, you get a huge penalty of being arrested for bribery.
The penalty for assaulting a white woman is 30 lashes.
With regard to Amendment No 8,1 should like to retain the original proposal since it is more precise in cases where, exceptionally, an objective standard is sufficient to justify a penalty.
And what penalty if the rumors might come true?
Mrs. Bundy, may I remind you that the penalty for perjury is seven years in prison, where, I assure you, you will have sex.
It is felt that the clause then loses the character of indemnity and constitutes a private penalty contrary to Belgian public policy (Cass., 24.11.72, R.C.J.B., 1973, 302).
Then I suppose the penalty for being wealthy is having to live with the rich.
Well, if one isn't willing to pay the penalty, one shouldn't play the game.
It is no longer a penalty for misconduct, but the free choice of the couple concerned.
THE PENALTY FOR FIRST-DEGREE MURDER IN THIS STATE IS DEATH IN THE ELECTRIC CHAIR.
During the finals of 2342, one of the referees called a penalty against his team.
So why didn't he impose an obvious penalty?
It's overtime, and there's a penalty shot about to take place.
The 500,000 prize is just 3 penalty shots away in The Island championship game.
Ok, I withdraw the red card. But it is still a penalty.
It touches me to see how much you care about this boy, but in football, a mistake gets you a red card or a penalty.
But first I want to say that the intensity and persistence with which we experience these emotional components of regret is obviously going to vary depending on the specific thing that we're feeling regretful about.
He got so much patience and courage and persistence...
Persistence, viability and pluriactivity are mainly represented, in this work, by income level and composition14.
T.P.I.R. is not just an indescribably entertaining hour of television, it's a microcosm of our entire economic system-- a capitalist utopia, where consumers are rewarded for their persistence, market acumen and intrepid spirit.
Mr Eisma (NI), in writing. — (NL) We greatly admire Mr Nord's persistence in trying for eighteen months to reconcile the irreconcilable.
Well, I applaud your persistence, Dr. Barnes, but I've searched the far corners of my mind, and I'm not hiding anything, from you or myself.
Guided by a strategy, these actions result in achievements; among them, our attention will be focused on persistence and viability, and on pluriactivity as an important form of adaptation of the farm household to change.
To emerge victorious you must base your personality on pride, courage and persistence.
Oughta be in the dictionary under "persistence".
I'm ignoring you, but I appreciate your persistence.
Another important idea is this notion of persistence of character across realities.
And, since it's in a quantum state, it would maintain an infinite persistence.
— the possible excretion of the produ«, its active ingredients or relevant metabolites into the environment by treated animals, persistence in such excretia,
And since it's in a quantum state, it would maintain an infinite persistence.
Information on the persistence of the substance in the finished material or article under environmental conditions and on its fate after the material or article has been submitted to waste disposal treatments.
Studies dealing with 'skill mismatch'attempt to explain the persistence of unemployment by heterogeneous skill profiles of the workforce and, in particular, by the poor employment prospects of lower skilled people who are increasingly affected by technological change and restructuring of economies.
Because of their persistence and toxicity, heavy metals present particular problems of pollution, and the Community is therefore taking action under the 'Dangerous Substances' Directive to control their release into stream waters.
These are to be based on the toxicity, persistence and bioaccumulation of the substances in question, on the basis of the latest conclusive scientific data.
These compounds have been extensively employed in the past but are now banned in the EU because of their toxicological risk and chemical persistence.
Because ßf their persistence, toxicity and widespread occurrence, heavy metals present particular threats to aquatic ecosystems.
Yeah, well, pike is a freshwater fish.
They fish forfresh water species like allis shad, common bream, zander, pike,wels catfish and different species of carp.
And your father turning up with withdrawal symptoms, forcing everyone to go horse riding and eat pike...
·) Other fish includes: mullet, turbot, tuna, amberjack, sturgeon, pike, perch, catfish, carp and other cyprinids.
But it's a great name for a pike.
The Member States must designate two categories of water: salmonid waters, for salmon, trout and whitefish; and cyprinid waters for cyprinids and other species (pike, eel).
I'm going to tease pike out of the Klondike.
In the pond near the plant one can find catfish, carp, pike, turtles and otters.
Our job is to keep an eye on the local political terrain, particularly nations hostile to U.S. interests, see if anything big is coming down the pike.
In fact, the Commission’s Directorate-General for Healthand Consumer Protection has recommended that women who are breastfeeding, or who are or might become pregnant, should limit their consumption oflarge predatory fish, such as swordfish,shark, marlin, pike and tuna.
And in a display for all to see, mounted his severed head on a pike.
One day, brother, ye'll talk yer head off yer shoulders and right onto a pike.
How many people in this city alone would love to see his head on a pike?
Everyone with a pike or long weapon, get out in front with me.
Sorry, son, but your dad's head could be on a pike real soon.
Father left the head of my horse on a pike in the town square.
The fighting pike is a dangerous weapon, Delenn not to be taken lightly or learned prematurely.
And so, if some people have fallen into the pit of metaphysical dualism, some really smart people, too, but we can reject all that.
"And should you like to fall into that pit, and to be burning there for ever?"
I dug a huge pit with my shovel in just one day.
About four years ago, the New Yorker published an article about a cache of dodo bones that was found in a pit on the island of Mauritius.
In a gassy pit, the best precaution that can be taken is to monitor methane levels in the network of roadways in question by means of remote monitoring.
Once a year, the female of the sea turtles crawls out of the sea onto the blazing sand beach of a volcanic island to dig a pit in the sand and deposit her eggs there.
The first attempts at draining firedamp by means of large boreholes were made when working the Z-shaped rise face of the Luisenthai pit.
I, a shock worker from pit #1, promise to overfulfill the Plan till the year's end... 28 000 tons!
Table 1: Results of firedamp drainage using standard boreholes and large boreholes in a pneumatic stowing face with Wlayout in the Thiele seam of the Reden pit.
The mouth of a strange woman is a deep pit and him that is abhorred of the Lord shall fall therein.
Deceiver, Prince of Darkness, Devil of the Pit?
You left part of yourself back in the pit.
If you really want the truth, Jan, Look for it where it is - at the bottom of a bottomless pit.
- There's no way to save me from the pit?
And you should pull him out and throw him back in the pit.
I could have cast you back in the pit.
It all says an angel can snatch a soul from the pit.
Enchanter, Deceiver, Prince of Darkness, Devil of the Pit?
The statement Lucifer made when he fell into the pit:
Trial two was rescue a soul from the pit.
They covered our children in pitch... and lit them on fire.
You may, but I think they that touch pitch will be defiled.
The general conclusion from these studies showed that cokes with a suitably low threshold gasification temperature could be prepared by briquetting blends of low rank coals, wood charcoal and pitch.
One of their favorites is to strip you, tie you upside down to a wagon wheel. They pour pitch on you, light you on fire.
"So, he that toucheth pitch shall be defiled,"
Gather the last of the pitch and see it to Crixus.
So close to the docks, I can still smell the stink of the fish in the Pitch and the disinfectant.
The coking plant transformation balance shows that, in terms of specific units 1.3 t of coal is required to produce 1 t of coke, allowing for losses and the unavoidable production of gas, benzol, pitch and tars.
This pitch, as ancient writers do report, doth defile.
Piuh tud pitch coir, obiii or from other mineral tar
You distort it a little bit, especially in terms of pitch, and you've changed it.
Well, what I'm doing is controlling the pitch with my left hand.
I mean, most of us know that pitch is a fundamental building block of music.
So basically, with both of your hands you're controlling pitch and volume and kind of trying to create the illusion that you're doing separate notes, when really it's continuously going ...
The amount of rasp and gravel in his throat for someone that had such good pitch and such a beautiful tone in his throat.
The frequency of a sound determines the tone pitch for pure tones.
Now, this means that I can alter your pitch
Temporal pattern is the most important factor involved in signal distinctiveness while the other subjective factors of pitch and timbre are of less importance in signal design.
Now the pitch'll change when you hit the cortex, okay?
Results of measurements (a database) of prosodie features (pitch, fundamental frequency, etc.).
I have a pitch meeting at the network with charlie.
Seeing as we are waiting why don't you practice your little pitch on me?
Well, if you're gonna make a sales pitch, make it good.
Now when you made you initial sales pitch, did you indicate that you would be giving a free set of storm windows with the job?
My... my partner and I... He's upstairs. ...we just had a very good pitch session.
Then we'll soak in a nice Jacuzzi, maybe have a nice dinner, take in a relaxing sales pitch. It's gonna be great. What?
Turns out he was just a present-day cat with a smooth sales pitch.
Man, just hearing his sales pitch makes me want to take a shower.
The personage on the well-brink now seemed to accost her; to make some request:--"She hasted, let down her pitcher on her hand, and gave him to drink."
Please put a pitcher of water in my room.
The tall girls went out and returned presently, each bearing a tray, with portions of something, I knew not what, arranged thereon, and a pitcher of water and mug in the middle of each tray.
She approached the basin, and bent over it as if to fill her pitcher; she again lifted it to her head.
She, too, was attired in oriental fashion: a crimson scarf tied sash-like round the waist: an embroidered handkerchief knotted about her temples; her beautifully-moulded arms bare, one of them upraised in the act of supporting a pitcher, poised gracefully on her head.
Are you paying me at least a dollar for that pitcher?
Make a pitcher of ice water, bring a small glass.
Or ever the silver cord be loosed, or the golden bowl be broken, or the pitcher be broken at the fountain, or the wheel be broken at the cistern.
Can I get another pitcher, and another glass of ice water for my friend?
I feel like I'm rooting around a pitcher of sangria.
I may have just lost my pitcher to a brain surgery.
And it's a one-hopper back to the pitcher. Easy out at first. So what we're gonna do is nothing?
When the pitcher's on the mound And the wife is underground
YEAH, LEFTY WAS QUITE A PITCHER IN HIS TIME.
It doesn't matter, Because his mother bribed an 8-year-old pitcher, Who also, by the way, Was kicked off of his team.
He's walking the whole ballpark, and he's the best pitcher we got.
He took a bat to the opposing team's pitcher, broke his leg.
The pitcher gets his sign, takes his stretch, checks the runners.
I mean, who's the pitcher, who's the catcher?
I treated you like a pitcher who'd lost her stuff.
If I scan my retina through the horizontal plane that you see there in the little corner, what I get is the following.
In particular, it could invent things like a curve which fills the plane.
I love that Leilei said that the way of helping those who are suffering badly on the physical plane or on other planes is having a good time, doing it by having a good time.
And I went from what's called real numbers, which are points on a line, to imaginary, complex numbers, which are points on a plane, which is what one should do there, and this shape came out.
On a higher plane, the press is a service industry, and the service it provides is awareness.
And so cars, as art, brings it into an emotional plane -- if you accept that -- that you have to deal with on the same level you would with art with a capital A.
It's not even on the same plane as what you're talking about: The pixels are up on the display.
I've learned how to do things in that time, break the physical plane, prepare for my revenge.
To change the direction of the cutter-loader in the vertical plane: (a) downslacken the scraper conveyor chain; (b) up-tension the scraper conveyor chain, until the required position of the receiving attachment is obtained.
But that's what makes it great, Johnny. We can exist on a different plane, we can make our own rules.
And with 200 square meters of solar power on our plane, we can produce the same energy than 200 little lightbulbs.
The plane is about to take off for Paris.
And the seminal moment was, I was getting on a plane in Dallas, and in row two was a father, I presume, and a young boy about five, kicking the back of the chair.
We were on a plane flying to Boston at that time.
I met the last Air Force General who had actually shot down an enemy plane in combat.
Due to the bad weather, the plane was ten minutes late.
And my daughter, who's three, when I dropped her off at preschool, did that whole hugging-the-leg, crying, "Mommy, don't get on the plane" thing.
I had no choice but to take the plane.
I was bawling my eyes out by the time the plane landed -- a pretty emotional moment.
Our plane couldn't land on account of the dense fog.
And if you actually take a look at the scene picture, you can see that the plate of the Mercedes is O600KO78RUS.
He's the one that said the suspect got into a vehicle with a partial plate that was a match to Pritchard's. There's something you need to see.
Tax payable on Cars, motorcycles, tractors, motor-driven equipment and trailers with a car-for-sale number plate.
There's no van in West Virginia with the 2H7 sequence on its plate.
For each type of rear regisrration plate lamp, the application shall be accompanied by the following:
I got three cars that match the description and plate numbers of the suspect's vehicle.
Whether a vehicle is based 'in the territory of another Member State' can be seen by its registration plate.
Then I'll ID the limo by the vanity plate "MR BIGGG".
Does the Commission not believe that it should submit a proposal to the Council for a decision ordering the Twelve EEC Member States to adopt a European number plate for all motor vehicles similar to that decided upon by the Luxembourg Government?
The guy with the missing eye, I saw his licence plate.
Also, food, the way I look at food has changed, because now I can display the food on a plate, so I can eat my favorite song.
The Hatter was the only one who got any advantage from the change: and Alice was a good deal worse off than before, as the March Hare had just upset the milk-jug into his plate.
Eat all the food on your plate because there are starving children in the world.
Just because it comes from a green source doesn't mean we can treat it with disregard on the plate.
The little fellow was sitting on the ledge of the corner window of the dancing-room, and beside him stood Tanya with a plate.
The only thing on the table that I normally wouldn't eat is that stuff on the yellow plate.
PM: So he's just spilled a plate of sausages on the floor, on the brand-new carpet.
At this moment the door of the house opened, and a large plate came skimming out, straight at the Footman's head: it just grazed his nose, and broke to pieces against one of the trees behind him.
He was so hungry that he didn't hesitate to eat everything on the plate.
If you went over and you helped yourself to a shrimp off your boss' plate, for example, that would be an awkward situation.
Pink and purple with polka dots or you don't get any pop.
I just thought I'd have myself a bottle of pop while I'm waiting for the bus.
They had grapes for us to eat and cookies, and there was pop.
I'm paying you good money to watch that gas pump out there, and not to come in here and sample the cold pop.
Normally it's an oil-stained sandwich and bottle of pop.
If you don't put curtains in, you don't get any pop.
I think this one here, there's a pop song that really describes Philippe Starck for me, you know, this is like you know, this is like puppy love, you know, this is cool right?
Oh, no, of course not. Pop is just for morons.
The idea of pop music is not to invent a new story, but to tell the same story again in a new and interesting way.
At the Popakademie, last year’s plans are bearing fruit with a new Masters Degree programme being rolled out in pop music and in music business expertise.
Beckett. Dostoyevsky, modern music, pop music. new math and the letter "Z" which means "He is alive " in ancient Greek.
I've always dreamed that I could place a small flag in the timeline of pop history.
You were singing along to some terrible pop song on the radio.
Now, not all of us have meadows, or lawns that we can convert, and so you can always, of course, grow a meadow in a pot.
She would thus descend to the kitchen once a day, eat her dinner, smoke a moderate pipe on the hearth, and go back, carrying her pot of porter with her, for her private solace, in her own gloomy, upper haunt.
"What was for lunch?" "Mary's delicious pumpkin soup. The pot was empty in no time at all."
At the stove stood Leni, in a white apron as always, breaking eggs into a pot standing on a spirit lamp.
It's cruel to put a live lobster into a pot of boiling water.
Watch that cigarette ash, it's going in the pot.
Drain the pasta and return the pasta to the pot.
The way you talk, anyone would think I never had a pot to wish on.
In fact, we have suffered some harm as a result of the invitation to take part in certain competitive activities under the Fourth Framework Programme, because research establishments tend to see us as competing for the same pot of money.
You're nosing your way right into the pot.
Then this is my pot, and you owe me.
I smoke a lot of pot. Sometimes I trip out to acid.
I hadn't smoked pot out of a homemade bong since my eighth grade boyfriend made one out of tin foil, a BIC pen, and a bottle of his mother's Pepsi Light.
Like, if I wrote out the list of shit Allison doesn't let me do, like, it would be endless. "Don't smoke pot.
I was in the balcony with the riffraff and the people who sneak in pot.
- Which home - the one with the pot plants or the one with the injured idiot ex-husband?
You were friends with a girl who smoked a lot of pot.
I even reported a guy for smoking some pot on my last cruise.
You telling him that you smoked pot, it's like endorsing it.
Where did those idiots get all of this pot anyhow?
- - - - - solvent extraction; separation by ion-exchange resins; dialysis separation; distillation separation; selective precipitation of metals, (using soda, phosphoric acid, sodium carbonate, potassium, ammoniac and sodium benzoate).
Research showed that effective precipitation of Zn could be achieved without adding milk of lime, and that the alkaline and acidic waste could be mixed to save some of the soda required to regulate the pH.
Since precipitation is not instantaneous but continues over a certain time, the CaCO must be added well before the treatment with resins begins.
Subsequent purification techniques, such as non-ethanol precipitation or chromatographic separation as well as procedures for viral inactivation are used to obtain the finished products.
IRH also studied the literature on other techniques, such as precipitation of cyanides using ferrous sulphates, but mainly concentrated on the high degree of reactivity of cyanides to certain groups of organic substances.
The coal extracts are obtained by releasing the pressure which causes precipitation of the extracted material and solvent leaving behind the unextracted coal and ash which can be removed separately, thus avoiding filtration.
This can be caused by the accumulation of suspended matter in the injected liquid or formation water or through precipitation.
Whe.e liquid alpha waste is concerned, only the ultracentrifugation process combined with chemical precipitation (developed at Harwell in the United Kingdom) is far enough advanced to be used in an active-waste pilot installation.
The technological advantage derives from the fact that evaporation reduces the SO content (40%-70%) and causes the spontaneous precipitation of potassium tartrate (this is a particular advantage in the case of musts with high acidity levels).
Should any chemical reaction or physical precipitation of the test compound be caused by the adjustment, this should be reported.
If you think about Antarctica, it's technically a desert, it gets so little precipitation.
That's very important because the humidity and precipitation tell you whether you've got standing pools of water for the mosquitoes to breed.
I'm a Project Manager for Global Precipitation Measurement!
The environmental medium water, essential for physiological processes and the staff of human, animal, and plant life, is ever-present in the global cycles of precipitation, condensation, evaporation, and runoff.
This spacecraft will give us information that will help us better predict precipitation
To precipitate the phosphates add some saturated barium hydroxide solution (4.21) until no further precipitation occurs.
The precipitation tonight is just a hint of what's yet to come!
Good afternoon and welcome to the Phase II Press Conference of the upcoming mission for the Global Precipitation Measurement.
From measurements at microwave frequencies, information may be obtained on the 3-dimensional fields of temperature and water vapour (troposphere and middle atmosphere), on cloud liquid water and cloud ice, and on precipitation.
Radar already shows increasing precipitation across the coastal areas and moving rather quickly to the north.
The psychological aspects of working conditions and the problems of organizing not only the teaching but school life as a whole therefore necessitate special preparation for the teachers who are assigned, on a voluntary basis, to these centres.
"We want to listen to the views oí young Europeans, and involve them in the preparation of the next gen eration of Community programmes. "
Social development of this kind will not come automatically, and school staff need and - as SKU sees it - are entitled to demand thorough preparation in order to take their share or responsibility for favourable developments (...).
In order to ease the preparation of young people for employment, trainers, themselves, would have to be better acquainted with kinds and conditions of work, and with production, organization and management methods used in firms.
(ii) in respect of 1519 year-olds, though not of older young people, governments are placing a higher priority upon securing vocational preparation for young people than upon placing them in employment.
B. The following CEDEFOP publications concerning vocational training and equal opportunities for women are listed, because of the evidence that many vocational preparation projects face the challenge of providing opportunities for women, and sometimes have difficulty in establishing suitable programmes.
(c) support for the provision of necessary materials for teachers, by means of: (i) the preparation and dissemination of information on teaching materials con cerned with the European Community;
The creation of new jobs in the regions and the preparation of workers for new types of job by means of an active employ ment policy (including occupational training) constitute the two prongs of the attack.
The vocational preparation centres will be the penultimate stage in the process of vocational and social rehabilitation, and will follow up the work of occupational therapists In psychiatric hospitals and other care facilities.
The preparation for the next intergovernmental conference in 1996 on the revision of the Treaty of Maastricht provides us with a useful framework for deliberation about Europe's future course.
In the absence of a more specific heading, this product should be classified in heading 21.07, subheading G VIII or IX, as appropriate, and considered as a food preparation not elsewhere specified or included.
In view of its composition and use, this product must be considered as an improver therefore be classified as a food preparation of subheading 21.07 F.
— Food preparation presented in a paste form composed of 80 to 82% butteroil and 18 to 20% skimmed-milk powder (c).
In the absence of a more specific heading this product will come under heading 21.07. as a food preparation not elsewhere specified or included subheading 21.07 D II (milk powder used as infants' food or for dietetic or culinary purposes).
In view of its composition and use, this product must be considered as an improver of bakers' wares and must therefore be classified as a food preparation of subheading 21.07 F.
Food preparation consisting of a mixture of milk powder (94 %) and enzymatically active malt extract (6 %).
The fact that cooking wine is, as such, regarded as an edible preparation does not affect that assessment.
Whereas the structure of the starch contained in the product is modified by the cooking so that the starch becomes soluble; whereas the product must therefore be classified in heading No 21.07 as a food preparation not elsewhere specified or included ;
In the absence of a more specific heading this product will come under heading 21.07, as a food preparation not elsewhere specified or included, subheading 21.07 D II (milk powder used as infants' food or for dietetic or culinary purposes).
Whereas the structure of the starch contained in the product is modified by the cooking so that the starch becomes soluble; whereas the product must therefore be classified in heading No 21.07 asa food preparation not elsewhere specified or included;
She showed me the present that she had received from her boyfriend.
She sent me a present in return for my advice.
She was seized with apprehension, and as she sought in her pocket for some coppers, she looked at the peasant with haggard eyes, while he himself looked at her with amazement, not understanding how such a present could so move anyone.
I'm not sure who I should give this present to, the girl or the boy?
My mother tongue is the most beautiful present that I received from my mother.
This is the nicest present I've ever received.
A present from the king of Spain to my great-grandfather.
Oh, I wouldn't let you cash your cheque. But a present for $ 10 or under, that I'll accept.
He quickly opened it and saw it was a walkie-talkie set — the present he had always wanted.
Don't harass mom, I'll bring you a present from the Moon
An old person is a bridge between the past and the present.
The understanding of the present is impossible without a good understanding of the past.
Yet the law and the circumstances of our position are such that thousands of complications appear which at present, while resting after all her sufferings and trials, she neither sees nor wishes to see.
The understanding of the present is impossible without a good understanding of the past.
My reflections were too undefined and fragmentary to merit record: I hardly yet knew where I was; Gateshead and my past life seemed floated away to an immeasurable distance; the present was vague and strange, and of the future I could form no conjecture.
And the peak time for that was the 30s, because the Depression was so dismal that anything to get away from the present into the future ...
And what that means is that every time you discuss the future, or any kind of a future event, grammatically you're forced to cleave that from the present and treat it as if it's something viscerally different.
What counts, is the present which is not funny at all. Not for me, not for him and not for you too, Nebraska.
The place is pitchville flats, the time is the present.
Strange, how the past sometimes breaks through into the present.
First, the promoter is automatically invited to take part in the negotiated procedure for the award of the concession, irrespective of any comparison between his proposal and the offers submitted by the participants in the previous tendering procedure.
During the course of the procedure, the promoter may adapt his proposal to the offer considered by the contracting authority to be the most suitable.
It takes the view that the rules for opening the concession up to competition favour the promoter as compared with all the other potential tenderers for two reasons.
Each Member State has appointed a 'promoter' who centralizes information and is responsible for reporting to the Commission.
Second, the promoter has the opportunity to amend his proposal during the negotiated procedure in order to adapt it to the tender considered by the contracting authority to be the most suitable.
On 17 December, the President of the European Parliament awarded the Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought to Mr Payá Sardiñas, founder of the Christian Liberation Movement in Cuba(4) and promoter of nonviolent democracy based on dialogue and reform.
Jean Monnet was the promoter, indeed the originater of the idea that the Community was the right legal framework for relations between the various countries in the heart of Europe.
We should talk to the promoter, Artash. See what he has to say about fight fixing.
All bets taken by a pools promoter registered in the UK whether the bets were made within or outside the UK.
Besides it's you or it's the promoter sitting over there.
All I can say is I'm a good promoter.
Aid is provided through an "employment promoting convention" signed by the employment delegate and the project promoter.
Some promoter's offered me $300 a week if I'll appear as The Masked Marvel.
The bookmaker, totalisator operator or pool promoter with whom the bet is made, or who provides facilities for betting.
The fight promoter, your manager and the owner of the arena that was ransacked.
The bookmaker, totalizator operator or pool promoter with whom the bet is made, or who pro vides facilities for betting.
The procedure adopted by the Commission to achieve this aim has been to invite each Member State to appoint a national promoter to be responsible for the organization of the debate and for ensuring the necessary liaison and reporting back to the Commission.
And if two years ago you didn't take a promotion and some guy next to you did, if three years ago you stopped looking for new opportunities, you're going to be bored because you should have kept your foot on the gas pedal.
I assume this isn't the best time to ask for a promotion.
And literally from that moment, she doesn't raise her hand anymore, she doesn't look for a promotion, she doesn't take on the new project, she doesn't say, "Me. I want to do that."
Tom resented the fact that Mary got the promotion instead of him.
The kind of mind -- part of the mind -- when you're reaching for that piece of chocolate, when you want to win that promotion at work.
I never had the opportunity to thank you for my promotion.
- Sex Discrimination Act 1975 - unlawful to discriminate in employment, in hiring, promotion, terms and conditions, etc.
When I deliver Newkirk to Berlin Betty, I will get that promotion I so richly deserve.
They do, however, allocate to it the function of broadening the skills of the teacher beyond those attested by his professional qualification, which may encompass types of promotion other than a mere change of category.
And when you get back, there's going to be a promotion and a raise.
With passion and enthusiasm we pay profound respects to TED for its outstanding humanism, the scope of its principles, for its open and generous promotion of young values.
Science and art must contribute to the promotion of human welfare.
At a macro level, he thought, you know, we talk about democracy promotion, but we do it in a way sometimes that's an affront to people's dignity.
Yeah. "Free Fer Fridays." It's our promotion... where you buy one Super Patty and get one free.
This also affects the promotion of newly founded innovative enterprises.
We got to pay for promotion, shipping, distribution.
Other priorities noted included the need for training and for strengthening co-ordination between sectors involved in the promotion of mental health and drug demand-reduction strategies and programmes.
"To the honored memory of Jonathan Brookfield who hath founded Brookfield School to the glory of God and the promotion of piety and learning in the year of our Lord 1492."
In its resolution of 10 October 1983 on the promotion of film-making in the Community countries, the EP called on the Commission to develop a European programme policy.
Well, she just needs to know so they can get started on promotion.
See, we go through the pupil. But you won't feel it.
4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 optic nerve lens ciliary body & suspensory ligaments cornea iris & pupil aqueous humour vitreous humour fovea blind spot optical axis 13
I'm gonna insert a needle through the pupil and get rid of the abnormal cells in the retina.
The pupil, seen from outside, magnified, of course, is brown.
When you look at things, it's because of the pupil, because it floats, and when we move as you see, it shifts.
Most of the animals display something called the "defiant pupil."
The pupil floats like a baby in the belly of its mother.
She's said to have a black pupil and a yellow one so that she could see the gods and the ghosts.
And House gives him a stroke. Totally blew out his pupil.
The eye is enormous, but the pupil takes up a lot of space.
That every pupil would have a coach, as well as teachers, who would have timetables much more like a work environment in a business.
The pupil held up his hand to ask a question.
For example, if a chain-smoking teacher cautions a pupil for smoking, that warning is self-contradictory.
"When the pupil is ready, the master will appear."
If no drama is made of a mistake, the pupil will analyse his work constructively and want to make progress.
He reminds me much of a certain pupil of mine.
"Illiteracy is the normal situation among the Gypsies"; "virtually no pupil goes beyond primary level: persistent illiteracy is the result" (Bf).
Never, I repeat never, in all my years as headmaster of this school, have I met such an ill-behaved pupil as you, so inconsiderate.
In chis concext, chere is scope for collaboration and cooperation in the development of value added measurement mechanisms which are sensitive to varying school and pupil circumstances.
And this young man was my cleverest and most able pupil.
"Whenever Josiane dug her nails into Sylvie's body kneaded her breasts or greedily tongued her hairy pussy she'd think of Roger.
This town's like a great big pussy just waiting to get fucked.
No diseases, no loose-as-a-goose pussy, no skank, no nothing.
Let's. It's burning my pussy, Alex.
Wouldn't it be an awful shame if one little pussy and a thimbleful of sperm were to affeot the future ofthis state?
I showed him my pussy, which I thought was very special.
You should see what a .44 Magnum's gonna do to a woman's pussy.
This bitch is the creme de la creme of white pussy, isn't she, Jackson?
You orthodox dogs, we send you a pussy and you kill her!
I doubt if hearing she's got a great pussy... puts her in an uncomfortable position.
If there was some pussy up there, you could get up there, couldn't you?
I've got a black pussy thirsty for some milk.
Now, a pussy's good for maybe Six or seven at the most
Mister, my mama give me a silver dollar for every broke-neck pussy I bring home.
You know, I'm lookin' for a little pussy like you to keep me warm at night.
Why don't you try the Burns Agency? They specialise in pussy that won't smile.
You got all the prestige, the purse, the pussy any man could ask for and you go and you poke Chicago in the eye.
Buttons - is there something wrong with my poor little pussy?
The queen just lays the eggs. There's no management.
That is what the British people expect of their Queen.
So this is the colony founded by a queen the previous summer.
The president was greeted by the queen on arrival at the palace.
I don't know how I look, but I feel like the queen of Sheba.
-His eyes constantly look up searching for the queen.
An easy victory if one is a queen and may command it.
Or, if you want to ease your conscience, write to the Queen.
How am I to make it clear to you that Sophia might one day become a queen?
When you see the queen, what do you intend?
Don't tell me you've been doing without, you old queen.
I'll do whatever you want... you crazy old queen.
They told me to pay special attention to the faggot drag queen in the basement.
I acted like an old queen with that sissy!
That drag queen: only allowed during the carnival.
There's nothing more inconvenient than an old queen with a head cold.
I just don't want to be remembered as some old queen... who died of AIDS.
I'm very proud of you you big drama queen.
Ernst Rohm, I know him. He's that fat queen.
Look, I'm sorry if I'm interrupting anything that you're doing at home but I want you to think of me as an old queen.
Instead of offering the traditional list of tables organised in menus (chapter, subchapter, etc.), users are invited to prepare their own query just by selecting the geographical scope and the variables involved, following a guided navigation in only four steps.
The target system allows customers to type in a query in their own language and be presented with appropriate entries from pages in selected languages
This is only possible if the concepts in the query are formulated using the same terms, i.e. the descriptors in the thesaurus.
This is only possible if the concepts in the query are formulated using the same terms, i.e. the descriptors in the thesaurus.
VICAR focuses on the automation of workflow processes for film and video sequences and new retrieval functions, such as "query by image".
Data query from the database, preprocessing of the data and preparing the mass-balances (Hazardous waste)
Simply enter the query in your own language and LEXIQUEST will do the rest.
APC provides information on: via interrogation in expert mode, which opens up numerous search possibilities but requires basic training in both the query language and the structure of the base.
But you can also search in the digital world, or maybe you can write a query, saying, "What is Dr. Smith's address?"
A most appropriate, if troubling, query, Tom.
President. — Mr Balfe, your query will be forwarded to Mr Dankert, since the matter falls within his personal competence as President of this Parliament.
Perhaps Captain Hunter is best suited to answer that query.
As regards the product it was not feasible to query the product concept, except to resolve production problems.
You may enter your query verbally or by entering it manually on the console before you.
Mr O'Keeffe. — I will endeavour to give the facts as they are happening to cover the query of the honourable Member.
It's a fascinating philosophical query, marriage versus sex.
The experts mentioned several disadvantages, which sometimes cause the clerks to query the system design for screen work.
As you so proudly boast of your clairvoyance your query suggests you're lying or merely playing coy.
First forecasts of production for potatoes, sugar beet and rape are made using a mathematical model.
2 This applies only if in 1977 in Ireland almost all the rape grown has a low acid content (as in Canada, for example).
Basically, the following products should be taken into account: cereals (excepting durum wheat and grain maize), rape, sugarbeet, cow's milk, pips and poultry products.
This change benefited oilseeds (rape, sunflowers and particularly soya beans), the prices of which had become more interesting in 1993 thanks to firm demand and a strong dollar.
(ii) crop quality with consideration given to antinutritional factors In plants particularly rape and green le gumes, and improvement of the pro tein composition of cereals for consumption by non-ruminants;
The first experiments began in 1992 on rape, an important model for genetic engineering with plants.
It has, however, been significant regionally because of the refinement of non-food rape which has begun.
(iv) The guarantee thresholds system, already operated for milk, cereals, rape, processed tomatoes and cotton, was extended to sunflower seed, durum wheat and dried grapes.
Secondly, the Council has adopted all our most important proposals regarding guarantee thresholds, which means that the prices for those products for which the guarantee threshold was exceeded last year, i.e. milk, cereals and rape, will be reduced.
In our country we have used energy plants not only for heating, but also as lubricants or as methyl ester obtained from rape, and we have really been most success ful with it.
Ron Williamson. Ron was convicted of the rape and murder of a barmaid at a club, and served 11 years of a death sentence.
Charles Fain was convicted of kidnapping, rape and murder of a young girl walking to school.
Liberia has been devastated by one of Africa's bloodiest civil wars, which has left more than 200,000 people dead, thousands of women scarred by rape and crime on a spectacular scale.
He was convicted of rape, kidnapping and robbery, and served seven years of a 47 year sentence.
I don't remember the rape part of it so much as much as the anger part of it.
Did you know, that before the genocide in Rwanda, the word for rape and the word for marriage was the same one?
He ended up serving 18 and a half years of an 80 year sentence for rape and robbery.
And then what happened was that they were able to declare that rape was a weapon of war, that it was against humanity.
If she were a man, she'd be in jail for rape.
Since 1994, French penal law has recognised the act of conjugal rape and the nature of the intimate partner relationship is considered an aggravating factor in violent crime.
The father forgot the receiver at home. He went to get it.
Its functions are controlled by different sectors within the audiovisual, telecommunications or electronics industries. Their endeavours form a service chain stretching from origination to the receiver in the home.
Kept, set up or operated within the Kingdom of Belgium or on board a vessel, boat, aircraft or any other structure governed by Belgian law a radio transmitter or receiver, station or network without having obtained written, personal and revocable authorization of the Minister;
An RDS code enabling the receiver to display an eight character service name.
It consists of a variety of items depending on whether it is simply a receiver (radio, television), a transmitter (alarm bell) or both (telephone).
I'm looking for the official receiver of a company called Cyberdealer.
The receiver or an employee wishing to terminate the employment contract does not then require the approval of the Regional Director.
The plaintiff, in his capacity as receiver of the assets of a bankrupt German company, obtained a judgment against the defendant, an English company, in the Landgericht Mainz.
The Belgian court therefore had no jurisdiction to entertain the claim against the receiver.
I already got the other two on a wireless relay.
In January 2003 – 19months later – it finally reached the right position, and is now fullyoperational as a relay station.
That's a man's soul trapped inside a neural relay, going round and round forever.
There should be a relay outside hooked up to a mobile.
Any reason we can't use the same relay to send a com signal?
We'll form a relay from the homing beacon to avoid getting lost.
If we're reading scans from the other side, the probe may be a relay.
It consists simply of a relay with its contacts arranged in the output circuit of a transistorised stabilised power supply controlled by a builtin transistorised timing unit.
Do you understand what this communications relay could mean for Bajor?
Yet, they still want us to proceed with the establishment of a communications relay.
And a winning relay isn't about who runs the fastest.
How we won first place in the relay race at school?
We're headed to the house to practice for the final relay.
I mean, just the relay, but, still, it took time.
And there is almost nothing we can do about it, aside from taking a ruler and starting to measure it.
A ruler is a flat, rectangular measuring or drawing device with graduations in units of measurement.
And I expected them to put a ruler next to the wall, size it up with a finger, and make an estimate of the height.
This guy -- I love this guy! He put a dodo leg bones on a scanner with a ruler.
This is Jasper Johns. We can see here he was practicing with his ruler.
They created a ruler that bends, what we would call these days a tape measure -- a flexible rule, a rule that bends.
Well if you think about it, it's really hard to measure out round columns using a ruler.
Isn't an architect just an art school dropout with a tilting desk and a big ruler?
The more the ruler vibrates, the stronger and louder the sound becomes.
He cut the leg in four pieces, almost like using a ruler.
But before I finished, the chief of the barbarians stood up and said, 'But wait, you haven't told us about the greatest ruler of them all.
As for the Emperor, he is the ruler of the world. As for the barbarians, they are the servants of the world.
Because it's not enough to remove a leader or ruler or dictator.
The ruler was overthrown and banished from the country.
The Greek historian Xenophon wrote his book "Cyropaedia" promoting Cyrus as the great ruler.
In Sumerian "LÚ.GAL" means the ruler (king).
I prophesied that our Prince Haman Will be the most popular ruler in the history of Persia.
Who is the ‘ruler of the mountains’?(Answer: the Lammergeier from Greece).
You have never heard of Baron Bomburst, ruler of Vulgaria?
Sometimes a ruler wanted to gain more power by conquering his neighbours, or to prove that his people were stronger and better than other peoples.
You can look at color, and sizes, and how it appeared on the runway, or whatever.
When people knock it off, everybody knows because they've put that look out on the runway, and it's a coherent aesthetic.
- Make sure it's big enough for the runway.
How is strutting down a runway different to strutting down 5th?
I cannot imagine walking down a runway while people judge me.
While Miranda would never dream of walking on a runway, she had no problem running on one.
Before she knew it, she had jumped off the runway and moved to the suburbs.
Wednesday you need me because i occupy Some kind of special place in your life. The next day you're up there on the runway,
now get in there and teach me how to work the runway.
Uh, bold choice of attire, mrs.Van der woodsen, unless it's what they're wearing on the runway these days.
And as we took off down the runway, and the wheels lifted up off the tarmac, and we became airborne, I had the most incredible sense of freedom.
So he got over to the runway, and he applied the power.
Rammed it forwards. Bounced down the runway. Just took off.
What happened was that we rescued the fairies from their kidnappers. Then this symbol was painted onto an airport runway.
— parallel runway (23R) was to be equipped by 1 March 1996 at the latest;
Which will give us time to build a makeshift runway and get the 302 through the gate and reassembled.
If I have to get on your runway and hitchhike if it costs me everything I own if I have to sell my soul to the Devil himself I am going to get home to my son.
G EUR 150 million for the construction of a fifth runway and associated taxiways at Schiphol airport, Amsterdam;
Couldn't even close the runway at Port Stanley.
Extension and resurfacing of international airport runway Airport Development Corporation Ltd
He said, "I am a scrap of a man, but if you help me, I'm ready to do anything, even if I have to crawl on the ground."
Apparently, they get sent over to China where they're sold as scrap.
Manufacture in which all the materials used are classified Ín a heading other than that of the product. However, waste and scrap of heading No 7802 may not be used
I was just a petty thief... stealing scrap metal.
Manufacture in which all the materials used are classified in a heading other than that of the product. However, waste and scrap of heading No 8002 may not be used ex Chapter 81
Pitiful how he hung onto every scrap of her.
Manufanure from refined copper, unwrought, or wasu and scrap ex Chapur 75
According to this report, the driver swapping scrap for materials is Nikola Arnao.
Unwrought zinc, zinc waste and scrap: ex A. Unwrought:
So that the enemy does not realize in what for 'nem scrap we fly into space!
I have all of it, I saved every scrap of paper.
How, for example, can we agree today to Community action in the shipbuilding sector and forget that we European parliamentarians have in our briefcases a more ambitious scrap and build plan.
And a scrap of that meat if you haven't fed it all to your dog.
Every scrap of data we had went into this computer.
Just a scrap of paper at the county clerk's office... misfiled.
This is the last scrap of nylon I could find.
And tests prove the scrap of fabric... comes from your scarf.
A scrap of paper someone told you may be worth something?
A scrap of faience, a copper thimble, it goes straight to Cairo.
For the paper you floated on the negro's sorry scrap of mud bank.
And you can see on the screen a cell being made.
The aim of this game is to explode all the bombs on the screen.
No, we want one or two monsters on the screen at any one time.
So I was cartooning live on a wide screen -- it was quite a sensation -- and then this guy came to me.
And this computer's programmed to do only one thing, which is, if you move your mouse, the mouse changes on the screen.
So we ran another group of babies in which the kids got the same dosage, the same 12 sessions, but over a television set and another group of babies who had just audio exposure and looked at a teddy bear on the screen.
Then it goes to a diagnostic center, and within one minute of your heart attack, your signal appears on the screen of a computer and the computer analyzes what your problem is.
The screen is, actually, in this room, is set up so it's in front of me.
And so forgive the molecules on the screen, but these are a very simple kit.
And the technician's like, "Ma'am, you've got the mouse up against the screen?"
A few will be forced through a fine mesh screen.
The levels in both bunkers are continuously monitored and the signals taken to the screen speed control unit.
This third production screen was installed at the end of 1980 at Darfield Colliery, NCB Bamsley Area in place of one of three vibrating screens fitted with loose-rod decks for extracting fines from 100 mm - 0 raw coal.
From the screen, the coal travels along a 726mm (30") conveyor (Fig.
The new screen has the unique ability to vary the effective screening size and hence the amount of fines extracted while in operation.
The plant also includes a screen to separate sand from briquettes, a recycling and reheating circuit for the sand, and inlets and outlets for tlie briquettes.
At this stage the top size of the raw coal fed to the RPS had been limited to 30 mm because of the screen deck construction.
And I went out there and made it to the Big East, which was sort of the championship race at the end of the season.
He made use of this means for corresponding with her, sending according to the season fruits or game.
In this season we often suffer from an excess of rain.
One gram's 80,000 individuals, 80,000 individuals are good enough to control one acre, 4,000 square meters, of a strawberry plot against spider mites for the whole season of almost one year.
In the warm season the bank, wider than at other times, showed to their foot the garden walls whence a few steps led to the river.
Those who are delicate in health are apt to catch a cold when the cold season sets in.
Now, monsoon, the root of the word "monsoon" comes from the word "season."
One would have said that she had turned to stone with the cell, ice with the season.
I wrote to everybody inquiring after their health in the hot season.
Here, all this food comes off this farm, and at the end of the season there is actually more soil, more fertility and more biodiversity.
And in the last season there were two women in the finalists.
We've got a new one this year, but we'll work on that next season.
On our shelves at home, we have a box set of the DVD series "24," season six to be precise.
And I'll never forget, up in the Bering Sea, I was on a crab boat with the "Deadliest Catch" guys -- which I also work on -- in the first season.
This is the kind of desperate schlock you don't do until your fifth season.
Throughout the first European Job Day season on September 2006, 500 events in more than 300 European cities attracted thousands of jobseekers and employers.
Look, I don't want to seem insensitive, but this is the third time this season she's been in the ICU.
In fact, it'll make a hell of a kickoff show for the season.
We're gonna start season two of Battlestar Galactica.
I just got the new season of Buffy on DVD... and I'm gonna kick it in my crib and watch the bonus features. - Wow.
-All the electronic security, the fences... -Why are you always running? -...the gates, the doors.
Oh, we're not staying here, Eurus is coming and, uh, someone's disabled all your security.
The passwords of your security systems and bank accounts just saved in your e-mail folder, like an idiot.
Why keep a bunch of museum-quality Spanish coins in a storage unit that has no security?
This thing may work for a toilet, But as a security device, it's somewhat lacking.
Their activities are mainly concentrated on short and medium-term credit business and security business.
(g) the interest is payable on an international loan (Eurobond), which is defined for the purposes of this Directive as a transferable security in the form of a bond, which:
(g) the interest is payable on an international loan (Eurobond), which is defined for the purposes of this Directive as a transferable security in the form of a bond, which:
Pending this, trading can be done and settlement effected in the currency in which the security is denominated or in the issuer's national currency.
Unrealisedlosses in any one security, currency or in goldare not netted against unrealised gains in othersecurities, currencies or gold.
Strip (separate trading of interest and principal): a zero coupon bond created in order to trade separately the claims on particular cash flows of a security and the principal of the same instrument.
A security is usually traded on the "hors-cote" market of the stock exchange in whose area the issuing company has its head office.
Not more than 10% of the total should be invested in any one security.
Sometimes there was no words, no sentence, just tears.
It's impossible to start a sentence without you looking at me as if you were receiving your final judgement.
I'm not a sentence. I should be deleted from Tatoeba.
And then, in the middle of a sentence, at the very birth of twilight, I turned and looked down the street.
He sat down and wrote out a long sentence.
This is a sentence, that has the syllable count, of a haiku.
So for example this would be one sentence, and you would get this sort of green region and the red polyalanine, that repeats over and over and over again, and you can have that hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of times within an individual silk molecule.
His lips parted, as if to speak: but he checked the coming sentence, whatever it was.
One sentence may have multiple meanings in one language.
Then we phase out the food as a lure, and now the dog knows that "sit" means sit, and you can actually communicate to a dog in a perfectly constructed English sentence.
He ended up serving 18 and a half years of an 80 year sentence for rape and robbery.
Dolly would not have sanctioned any punishment on such a day had she been present, but she was obliged to support the governess and so confirmed the sentence that Grisha was not to have pudding.
The judge made no bones about his disgust with the accused's actions and handed down the severest sentence possible.
He had a lesser charge of forgery, got a year sentence and died a hero to the Dutch people.
'Stuff and nonsense!' said Alice loudly. 'The idea of having the sentence first!'
And this man with a planetary-sized brain is now serving a 13-year sentence in California.
And so she improvised a sentence -- 11 months, and not only that, but release every day to go to work.
And by the way, this appeal went through after he had finished serving his sentence, so he was out and working at a job and taking care of his family and he had to go back into jail.
Instead, all they have to do is look up on the list what kind of sentence goes with what kind of crime.
Have you forgotten that I passed sentence on Frank Miller?
In light of these findings, we'd like to offer a settlement.
On the application of the divorced wife, who claimed arrears of maintenance, the Tribunal de Grande Instance, Paris, by order of 5 July 1977, applied the provisions of the Brussels Convention and made an order for the enforcement of the judicial settlement.
Before the hearing, he offered to call everything off if I made a settlement.
I negotiated a settlement with the sister of the man who was killed in a car accident today.
Even in countries where brokers are never allowed to deal for their own account, the delay in the settlement of the transaction creates an unavoidable solvency risk. As they are parties responsible for public
What I mean is we wouldn't be averse to discussing a settlement.
At the moment, the treatment of foreign investment, whether it be the settlement of disputes or a policy of limiting investment to certain sectors of the economy, is mainly regulated by extensive network of over 1 500 bilateral governmental treaties.
I am proud to report that the settlement we attained for Global Families Incorporated surpassed their expectations.
The "operations" of an insurer's branch or agency within the meaning of the third paragraph of Article 8 covered not only the conclusion of insurance contracts, but also the settlement of claims under insurance contracts.
That doesn't mean that he isn't gonna try to make a point or get a settlement.
Last May, I spent nine days living up in Barrow, Alaska, the northernmost settlement in the United States, with a family of Inupiat Eskimos, documenting their annual spring whale hunt.
If not, the people will abandon the chief, go somewhere else and set up a new settlement.
And you can see from this map, there's this incredible geographical signature of a series of islands that were out in the harbor and a matrix of salt marshes and beaches that served as natural wave attenuation for the upland settlement.
Rummaging around on a dead Leviathan settlement, looking for a Moya part?
The EU supports action both in Europe and worldwide, in a bid to halt biodiversity loss and devastation like this burnt-out sector of the Jamanxim National Forest at an illegal settlement in northern Brazil.
This settlement was founded by the crew of a Starfleet vessel that crashed on this planet two centuries ago.
Fugledegaard is Denmark's biggest settlement from the Viking Age, and also the en-trance to the future nature reserve of Ìmosen.
The beam is coming from a settlement on the southern hemisphere.
International and national literature analysed by sectors • Regional planning and the environment • Agriculture and forestry • Tourism • Settlement and transport regional economic policy and by type • The problems involved • Aims • Instruments and measures • Effectiveness and implementation
You'll be stranded here and become the founders of this settlement.
I went up to her, and was received with an affable kiss and shake of the hand.
I gladly advanced; and it was not merely a cold word now, or even a shake of the hand that I received, but an embrace and a kiss.
Rawls, Landsman... they have no patience for anything but a quick shake.
I mean, um, I read in this article somewhere that when you're going in for a big interview, you should start with a firm shake.
Keep your hand there like in a shake. The other hand goes around for a hug.
My hand is powdered, so the shake is firm and dry.
There you are. - Mrs. King I ordered a shake, not a root beer.
Like I would kill my own mother for a burger and a shake.
When I was at home, my wife would get up when I couldn't sleep and make me a milk shake and we'd sit on the sofa and rub each other's feet while we watch TV till we fell asleep.
It seems like a good way to drink a milk shake without getting brain freeze.
And then I guess if they don't have Turkey bacon, I'll have regular bacon and a milk shake.
Well, to celebrate this reconciliation, let's all share a milk shake.
Isn't this the best milk shake ever, Alice?
- That's one cognac and another cherry shake with a drop of vodka.
Well, would you like me to make you a milk shake?
What, and have some pimply kid who should be writing taglines hand me a milk shake?
That seemed really like a crisis to me, that they had never been able to develop a vocabulary about escape, and about travel, and modernity in this trailer that was consistent with the shell.
What I had to devise was a way of fooling the eye into believing that all these panels are curved with the shell.
So what the governor got was an empty shell.
In that the shell was originally conceived as a lightweight, modern, futuristic, high-tech pod for hurtling down the freeway, and the interiors were completely out of sync with that.
Is not the human body not a mere shell? A form of existence all to small and weak for consciousness with such vast reach and potential?
These opportunities can only be seized if the faculty members are ready and prepared to provide the necessary academic input into the technical shell.
- a carrier. He is now another shell of a man being transformed.
The circonium from the shell of the fuel elements reacts violently with steam, the radioactive fuel begins to melt, the surrounding villages are evacuated, panic breaks out in Luxembourg and the Saarland, all the roads are jammed.
And since you, my little Judas, have brought them here I can only surmise the fortuneteller has found herself another shell?
An octant of the vacuum vessel was then mounted on to the central table of the fixture and the outer tables moved inwards, so that the toroidal field coils and mechanical shell enclosed the vacuum vessel.
What I discovered in these interiors is that there was a disconnect between the exterior shell and the interior architecture of the pieces.
It was presumed that he had broken the body when taking the soul, like monkeys who break the shell to get at the nut.
They didn't know that what a seashell is, it's templated by proteins, and then ions from the seawater crystallize in place to create a shell.
"And I will give the missionary my energies--it is all he wants--but not myself: that would be only adding the husk and shell to the kernel.
It all has to do with that shell that most of us have, and particularly certain people.
There in the unfathomable height a mystic change was going on and he could see no sign of anything like a shell; but a large cover of gradually diminishing fleecy cloudlets was spreading over half the sky, which had turned blue and grown brighter.
It was a good thing that you were wearing your shell.
Birds' eggs, not in shell and egg yolks, fresh, dried, cooked, by steaming or by boiling Ín weter, moulded, frozen or otherwise preserved, whether or not containing added sugar or other sweetening matter ex 0502
The shell that hit the foxhole Luz and I were in was a dud.
Birds' eggs and egg yolks, fresh, dried or otherwise preserved, sweetened or not: A. Eggs in shell, fresh or preserved: I. Poultry eggs: exb) Other: — Of hens
CA: There are a lot of causes out there in the world that have been talked about, you know, poverty, sickness and so on. You spent eight years on this one.
Every atom of your flesh is as dear to me as my own: in pain and sickness it would still be dear.
Tom learned of Huck's sickness and went to see him on Friday, but could not be admitted to the bedroom; neither could he on Saturday or Sunday.
Mary's sickness does not stop her from enjoying life.
Because he, having a lofty spirit and far-reaching aims, could not have regulated his conduct otherwise, and only the shortness of the life of Alexander and his own sickness frustrated his designs.
The most frequent cause of hours lost through absence from work is annual leave and public holidays (43.7% of hours lost); sickness and accidents (24.3%) take second place (5.17).
Do you, Phoenix, take Swan for your wedded husband? From this day forward, for better, for worse? - In sickness and in health?
A staff member who provides «videnet of Incapacity to perform his duties becauee of sickness or sccldent shsll automatically be entitled to paid sick leave within the limits set by rules to be established by the Director.
This man must not leave. Your sickness may be contagious.
"Will you love her, comfort her, honor her, and keep her in sickness and in health, forsaking all others -- as long as you both shall live?"
Last week, he brought this girl over, and I talked to her about morning sickness.
High single doses are not necessarily lethal, as they may also cause sickness, so that the arsenic is eliminated by vomiting (Ref. 12).
I don't feel the sickness yet, but it's in the post, that's for sure.
Let's not forget the moment of sickness. Our thoughts interrupted by unfamiliar worships.
I don't remember having morning sickness this bad with Wyatt.
Except for the morning sickness that can't tell time.
Goodbye, morning sickness, hello, second trimester.
I always get my morning sickness Late in the day.
The morning sickness has stopped, Which has been nice.
Yep, took me about six weeks to figure out that my morning sickness wasn't just a really bad hangover.
So, we see the imagery, of course, not stopping at the sky.
To whom do you owe it that you breathe that air, behold that sky, and can still amuse your lark's mind with your whimsical nonsense and madness?
Have you ever wondered how many stars are in the sky?
Instead of talking about little green men, he talked about how the psyche of the Europeans had been traumatized by the war, and now they're projecting flying saucers into the sky.
The air was cold; the sky was filled with hurrying clouds, whose large, white flakes drifted one upon another like the breaking up of river ice after the winter.
Have you ever wondered how many stars are in the sky?
And, for sure, I haven't looked at the sky in the same way after spending an hour in there.
Above the flame, the enormous towers, two sides of each of which were visible in sharp outline, the one wholly black, the other wholly red, seemed still more vast with all the immensity of the shadow which they cast even to the sky.
It was a beautiful summer, and the sky was always blue.
And we compare simulated universes like that -- I'll show you a better simulation at the end of my talk -- with what we actually see in the sky.
Unbeknownst to many of you, the highway in the sky that I'm talking about here has been under construction for 10 years.
There's basically a giant pathway in the sky between London and New York.
So, for example, a couple of days after the disaster in Haiti, we had an earthquake map that showed before and after pictures from the sky.
The real key observation he made is that a free-flying wing can sweep through more sky and generate more power in a unit of time than a fixed-wing turbine.
We look at the data and we see: Yep, the volcano emitted 150,000 tons; the grounded planes would have emitted 345,000 if they were in the sky.
Just as we don't feel alive unless we kill each other in the sky.
"Judge, I wanna toss the house of a man who makes people magically zoom into the sky."
—legislative initiatives should be taken to promote the single European sky,mobile communications for trains,maritime information and control systems,and Galileo.
...and immediately, army searchlights shot into the sky.
Now put your hands up Now throw your glasses high and put your hands up High into the sky and put your hands up
Molten slag from the forges almost two thousand degrees hot this waste product of steel production is a kind of artificial labor that used to light up a nightskys all over the Ruhr Valley.
At the same time easy tapping of the slag through the furnace doors must be possible.
In those days, the black slag, the waste of the coal pits, had only begun to cover the side of our hill, not yet enough to mar the countryside, nor blacken the beauty of our village.
The analysis of the slag formed in the furnace is important for information regarding the metallurgical processes occurring in the test system during continuous transport. The composition was as follows:
Cash told you once that all the mistakes you had made... were going to pile up and someday fall on you like a ton of slag.
Fixed or rocking grate furnaces The slag falls behind the grate into an ash pit from where it is extracted by scraper.
All the mistakes you've made have piled up and someday they're gonna come down on you like a ton of slag.
264 Magnesian products 28 Quarry and building materials 29 Ceramics and manufactured building materials 307 Iron and steel slag, sinter, scale and residues 309 Roasted dolomites
And, Alex, if something nasty's hiding in that ship, we bolt like hell and melt anything behind us into slag.
One further factor can also affect the quality of the experimental data and that is the effect on MnO activity in the slag of supplementary react ions such as dissolution of the refractory materials in the crucible.
In N.10 was that bimbo from Stockholm, a real slag.
Maria's in jail and there's that old slag Gertrude Linkmeyer walking around free.
Well, yeah, because if that trashy, big-lipped slag said it, - it might be a little true.
'When you look in the mirror 'and you see that fat, ugly slag looking back at you, 'the rest of the world sees you too 'and knows what a bitch you are.
You're a pussy-whipped bastard, and you're a fuckin' slag!
- Ellie, my four-year-old, called me a slag the last time I saw her.
"Could try harder to be less of a slag."
(Monica) 'Whore, cow, 'bitch, slag, 'tart, lezzer, dyke...
- Don't give me that, you bloody slag!
Don't tell me you're in there with that miserable slag again.
One slip and you'll hit the gas pipe.
Accidents in the ESAW are broadly defined to include mishaps which may have little to do with the working environment as such but which occur in the course of performing working activities, such as a road accident or a slip on a pavement.
One slip of the hand, and suddenly I'm sitting in the Engineering Department, building doodads with Wolowitz.
Here you are after your unfortunate slip into the fetid mud pits of Pala Mar.
It wouldn't take much of a slip, just a little one, and you're gonna wish you'd never come back through this door.
One slip, and it could have cost me the game.
Every slip is a fall, a catastrophe, resulting in irreparable contamination.
Mr. Callen. One small slip, and you'll drop 1,000 feet to the jagged rocks below, splitting your head open like a pumpkin.
Was it a slip or are we friends with benefits?
Sí, one slip of the foot, too slow in the wrist, it's all over.
Sure, she has runs in her stockings and her slip is always showing and she has more lipstick on her teeth than on her mouth.
I take that ungrateful hydra dress shopping, and the second I turn my back to buy a slip, they sneak out the back.
That slip's got more wrinkles in it than a preacher's Bible.
Her clothes were on a chair where she'd dumped them. Her slip, on top, was still warm.
With that white slip and shame-wrapping fur, I christen you Liz Taylor à la Butterfield 8.
Haven't you ever seen anybody in a slip before?
The slip, that fur, those tiny rooms-- they were my furlough.
It can detect grooves and lands on a slug more efficiently than any computer.
Yeah, somebody's walking around Miami with a big fat.45 slug in him.
Caught him a slug early. Took his sight.
And tonight, the blood, the slug from my car-- everything jumps the line, Jack.
I went back to your apartment to pull the slug from the wall. But I noticed an unmarked van delivering soft water.
You've a slug in your engine block, your team is pinned down, and I'm leaving with your boss.
The slug in Bolotov's mouth is the one that hit him.
Carefully, and I do mean carefully, pull the slug out.
The coroner just called. They took a. 38 slug out of Doug West's skull.
Why take a slug out of the wall when there's one stuck in her head?
You enjoy traveling with a group of thieves and a Hynerian slug?
The slug, which attacks your herbs and vegetables relentlessly, seems immune to control measures.
Dad, I gotta go Heimlich my friend out of a slug.
I have a cat in my room and a slug in my bed.
So you open the box and you think, "Whoa, there's a snake in there."
In the cemetery, there is a statue of a snake biting its own tail.
This crocodile, which grows to almost 20 feet long in the northern rivers, and this charismatic snake, the king cobra.
She undressed brutally, tearing off the thin laces of her corset that nestled around her hips like a gliding snake.
"Where's your snake?" "Oh, I don't know. I haven't seen him for a few days. I think he's hiding somewhere."
Like this is a painting of a snake in a box.
The mere thought of a snake makes me shiver.
And if you saw the movie, you know, he throws it down and it becomes a snake.
Seen from the sky, the river looked like a huge snake.
Sloth, giraffe, elephant, snake. Okay, let's see what we got.
I thought that water snake slithered back into her swamp.
Only these 3 houses are in the water snake.
Jimmy said there is a water snake in his house.
If you tell on others, you're a snake.
You were a sailor, have you seen a water snake?
SB: Soap, yeah. What else do you see?
'Yes, electric light,' said Levin. 'Yes, by the by, where is Vronsky now?' he asked, suddenly putting down the soap.
If a dog bites you, wash the wound with soap and water.
And she keeps them all in school by selling water from that kiosk, and from selling soap and bread from the little store inside.
Don't curse or I'll wash your mouth out with soap.
They get soap, hygiene, education, vaccination, penicillin and then family planning. Family size is decreasing.
I always wash my face with soap and water.
You bring your water, you bring your soap, I wash the clothes for you. Charge 50 paisa, one rupee for you per lot, and a new business model can emerge.
Didn't you find a piece of white soap on my table?
My grandmother is washing my mouth out with soap; half a long century gone and still she comes at me with that thick cruel yellow bar.
Why? Because that was the moment when the Indian television soap opera, "Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi," dubbed into Dari, was telecast on Tolo T.V.
Here's the ending you stole from that other soap. Remember?
- It's a soap opera, for chrissakes!
We listen to you, we'd all be working for some loser on a soap.
Mimi on the floor wearing a T-shirt and nothing else... watching some old American soap dubbed in German... and me on the couch watching her... sprawled in a sort of boozy stupor.
Sometimes life is worse than a bad soap. That means:
His friend, Barney Panofsky, producer of the long-running soap
Lord, bless the noodle soup, the filet of sole and...
Neal was just telling me the history of the sole. Yeah.
You will have the goodness to serve me the poached sole with one new potato and a small green salad with no dressing. Hildegarde!
The debate focused on high-risk stocks, notably cod (scientistsare so far not seeing any results from codrecovery plans), deep water species and North Sea sole and flatfishes.
It's right up your alley. Blackened sole.
(iii) banned vessels flying the flag of France from fishing for sole in divisions Vllf and g with effect from 1 October,5for Northern deepwater prawns in NAFO subarea 1 with effect from 13 October,6and
The catch limit is set at 100 kg of sole per sea trip.
When Leon occasionally felt the sole of his boot resting on it, he drew back as if he had trodden upon some one.
At six years of age, therefore, I was an orphan, without a sole to my foot except the pavements of Paris.
Additional Note 1 to Chapter 64 of the CN defines ‘reinforcements’ as all pieces of material attached to the external surface of the upper to give additional strength, whether or not also attached to the sole.
The sole is uniformly soft and springy. It deadens the impact during running.
These are fucking Louboutins with gum on the sole.
The sole of the Buddha's feet is a different matter!
Only one with Parrish's blood on the sole.
I stepped in something last night that ate clean through the sole.
And these days, forensic details often come from the sole.
She's still got the price tag stucked to the sole of her shoe!
Annie might know how to find the source key, and I think she's in D.C.
One is just the philosophical level of thinking that "making your source open is a good idea".
"Start creating the ambient intelligence landscape for seamless delivery of services and applications in Europe relying also upon testbeds and open source software, develop user-friendliness, and develop and converge the networking infrastructure in Europe to world-class".
So, let's clear his memory and reinitialize Source Code.
The focus is on software architecture and adaptive end user services on mobile devices, as well as on stimulation of open source software developments.
It will be based on open standards and encourage the use of open source software.
The use of GRID technology andopen source is encouraged where appropriate.
A program called Brain Electrical Activity Mapping then triangulates the source of that abnormality in the brain.
I thought I had found the source of your melancholy in a dream." I shook my head.
Time is like a river; it does not return to its source.
Well one obvious source is dead sharks, Dead sharks washed up.
Metrov quoted words an the subject attributed to the Emperor and one of the Ministers, which he had from a reliable source.
Whenever you download something from the Internet, make sure it's from a trusted source.
So foraging acts as a sink, and the ants inside the nest act as a source.
My tears had risen, just as in childhood: I ordered them back to their source.
The place where a river starts is its source.
In this particular case, the source over and over has been flood basalts.
When Peter moves his arm, that yellow spot you see there is the interface to the functioning of Peter's mind taking place.
My eyes weren't keen enough to distinguish whether the black spot on the ceiling was a spider or a fly.
Antarctica was this planet's last empty quarter -- the blind spot in our expanding vision of the world.
My eyes weren't sharp enough to tell whether the black spot on the ceiling was a spider or a fly.
And each spot represents a different family of virus or species of virus.
The brightest spot in China, which you can see on the edge of the outline here, is Hong Kong.
And I used to think that a dark spot on this map basically meant you're not going to get media from there because there are more basic needs.
That's the site of the injury, that dark spot.
Architecture and town planning have something of a blind spot where the periphery is concerned.
She has a beautiful white spot on her chest. [Purring]
So instead of inserting a wire into one spot of the brain, re-engineer the brain itself so that some of its neural elements become responsive to diffusely broadcast signals such as a flash of light.
I ought to just try that with my boss; I'd get kicked out on the spot.
As soon as he heard of it, he hastened to the spot.
And while I walk outside, I'll just mention that here we're using this for telepresence, but you can equally well use this on the spot, for augmented reality.
When he had passed the forest, a vast expanse of velvety green unrolled before him without a single bare spot, and only sprinkled here and there in the hollows with patches of unmelted snow.
He was run over and killed on the spot.
And in my hometown, we actually tried to do one of these in the Bronx, but our mayor decided what he wanted to see was a jail on that same spot.
And if Block isn't on the spot when he's called then everything's lost and it all has to start all over again.
It's like this. You trigger the spot.
The spot where she stood seemed to him an unapproachable sanctuary, and there was a moment when he nearly went away, he was so filled with awe.
Not only did I make the squad, I became head cheerleader.
I'm Lieutenant Jackson, and I wanna introduce you to your squad.
I handpicked the squad, I delivered an idiot-proof routine.
If he dies, the whole squad's off the mission.
A, but the squad will be Deriabin of ... or forgot his legendary Deriabin how to blow up bridges?
I think you're joining the God squad in order to get closer to Jason.
Vigilante squad, militia... Whatever you're going for, doesn't matter.
The fanatical Gaul commando squad, who underhandedly tried to rally the British rebels, has been wiped out. And their so-called secret weapon destroyed!
Now, it is traditional here at the Academy for each squad to have two student squad-leaders.
Second squad, sector B. Only pick the ripe ones.
Maybe we'll add another member to the Squad.
Take the men back,meet up with second squad,and then head for the gate.
In my squad, there's no room for glory seekers.
This is so fucked. What, me suspended from the squad?
Sutton sent a squad to track down Anana and burn the village.
She's got that whole squad Wrapped around her evil little pinky.
The police are interviewing the whole squad as well as the coach.
Of scotland yard's special fraud film director's squad.
- Sutton sent a squad down to kill her and burn her whole village to the ground.
Pick-up basketball happens when someone forms a squad by selecting teammates who are there before the game starts.
On the stage that day, I was so nervous.
To-day he paid less attention than ever to the familiar surroundings: the stage, the noise, and all that well-known, uninteresting, motley herd of audience in the packed theatre.
If this were played upon a stage now, I could condemn it as an improbable fiction.
Because I was new to the city, I didn't have access to a stage, so I decided to create my own in public places.
So the personages on the stage took up their parts, and Gringoire hoped that the rest of his work, at least, would be listened to.
I can't see the stage well from this seat.
Terry Moore found out he'd been tying his shoes the wrong way his whole life. In the spirit of TED, he takes the stage to share a better way.
The man dancing on the stage is my uncle.
The LXD electrify the TED2010 stage with an emerging global street-dance culture, revved up by the Internet. In a preview of Jon Chu’s upcoming Web series, this astonishing troupe show off their superpowers.
When the curtain went up, the stage was dark.
- How would you like it... - Oh, no. ...if I gave you proof that Rumpo was behind the stage hold-up and the cattle rustling?
Well, we missed the stage, Miss Dandridge.
-That's where you got to hold up that stage.
Since then I've been working... to get enough money for stage fare.
But the stage for Santa Fe stopped running because of the Apaches.
Then I rode on down to the stage stop and talked to a mountain man there named Nate Hattersby.
Carlos, lock him in his room. Let him out in time for the stage.
Well, I was, but I think my starter's out.
On high power conveyors, it is desirable to interlock the brake with the motor starter so that both functions are operated by the same control.
It's either the battery or the starter, I'm not sure.
3. units for internal combustion engines combining the dynamo, the starter motor and the ignition interrupter in one unit.
Lady as much as I might wish to rob you, I won't try to replace a new starter.
Electrical starting and ignition equipment for internal combustion engines (including ignition magnetos, magneto-dynamos, ignition coils, starter motors, sparking plugs and glow plugs); generators (dynamos and alternators) and cut-outs for use in conjunction with such engines
Krumitz, we got to wire the tablet's battery into the car's starter.
It is normal practice for the manufacturer to supply only the fuel system without ancillary equipment such as the fuel tank and the fuel feed pipes (although the starter may also be suppliei The cooling air fan in air-cooled engines must also be con sidered as included.
Just hit the starter like this then turn this to take off.
31.61.22 Starter motors and dual purpose starter-generators; other generators and 46910.2 other equipment
Tomatoes may be served hot or cold, as a starter or as a side dish.
As main dish I serve Weimarer Zwiebelschweinshackse au gratin, ... as dessert we have Ingrid's Hüllchen,... and as starter we have a suprise, I won't say more.
And how will I know what is a starter and what isn't?
In that case we ought to have avocados as a starter.
If we get what's on the walls and ceiling, we might have a starter.
As a starter, this cat food will fit the bill.
-It seems in all the excitement I forgot my starter.
Or let me give you my third building block, the Chinese state.
I say, therefore, that the arms with which a prince defends his state are either his own, or they are mercenaries, auxiliaries, or mixed.
The Chinese view the state as an intimate -- not just as an intimate actually, as a member of the family -- not just in fact as a member of the family, but as the head of the family, the patriarch of the family.
Such men, for the reasons given, can open the way into the state and render the victory easy; but if you wish to hold it afterwards, you meet with infinite difficulties, both from those who have assisted you and from those you have crushed.
The lowest-tuned pipe on the organ set off barometers all over the state.
I'm thinking here, for example, of customs like ancestral worship, of a very distinctive notion of the state, likewise, a very distinctive notion of the family, social relationships like guanxi, Confucian values and so on.
Welcome and home were mine within this State, Whose vales I leave--whose spires fade fast from me And cold must be mine eyes, and heart, and tete, When, dear Alabama! they turn cold on thee!"
Nothing in this Declaration may be interpreted as implying for any State, group or person any right to engage in any activity or to perform any act aimed at the destruction of any of the rights and freedoms set forth herein.
Nalini Nadkarni challenges our perspective on trees and prisons -- she says both can be more dynamic than we think. Through a partnership with the state of Washington, she brings science classes and conservation programs to inmates, with unexpected results.
"It gets late," said Mrs. Fairfax, entering in rustling state. "I am glad I ordered dinner an hour after the time Mr. Rochester mentioned; for it is past six now.
We think of people suffering, we think of people we love, but at some point, it can be a state which is all pervading.
That was the sort of totally pointless thing that went through his mind in his present state, pressed upright against the door and listening.
You can tell a lot about a person by the state of their garden.
And if you'll begin to look closely at the husky that's bearing her throat to the polar bear, and look a little more closely, they're in an altered state.
Toward morning she had become excited and animated, and her thoughts and words flowed rapidly; but again this state lapsed into unconsciousness.
A totally lawless state will be quite lawful carried through space and time.
OK, now, I'm not hypnotizing you, I'm merely placing you in a heightened state of synchronicity, so our minds are along the same lines.
The whole chamber, moreover, presented a general aspect of abandonment and dilapidation; and the bad state of the utensils induced the supposition that their owner had long been distracted from his labors by other preoccupations.
I cannot show my teeth. They are in a bad state.
Because I realized that the state of the African continent would matter to my children and their children.
On the father's side, of at least decent stock.
The treaty guarantees their respective frontiers and the rights of minorities, particularly the 600 000 people of Hungarian stock living in Slovakia.
You see, I'm a superior genetic mutation, an improvement on the existing mediocre stock.
And what do you mean, "mediocre stock"?
And if the lady is of noble stock and has indicated that she may reciprocate...
Really, the men in the stone family are good stock.
That combination can only mean she's of Irish stock.
Tend to my mare, Dorothy. and see to it that all the stock on the place is fed and watered.
Our first example of Community support for live stock development presents an attempt to increase the use of straw as fodder in Egypt.
Search the outsheds. Burn them. kill the stock.
The value of the total capital available to the holding: land, buildings, stock, machines, equipment and circulating capital.
Well, they've been burning haystacks and stealing stock so we formed up a little punishment party.
That is why I beg you, Mr Commissioner, to restrict severely the distances that stock may be transported for direct slaughtet.
I'll simmer you and filter you through cheesecloth for stock... What's he saying?
What's the point of riding some piece of stock for 8 seconds?
A good, young burgundy, a brown stock... Thyme, parsley, just a sprig, capers...
After we shift stock and afore winter feeding' starts again.
This is a little piece of furniture for an Italian manufacturer, and it ships completely flat, and then it folds into a coffee table and a stool and whatnot.
Sitting on a low stool, a few yards from her arm-chair, I examined her figure; I perused her features.
If you stand on this stool, you can reach the top of the closet.
And then he said, "No, we can modify the workbench maybe to put a special stool, a special anvil, special vice, and maybe an electric screwdriver."
Gringoire mounted the stool, and succeeded, not without some oscillations of head and arms, in regaining his centre of gravity.
They undid the noose, and made the poet step down from the stool.
If he takes the stool and sits down beside the door and stays there all his life he does this of his own free will, there's nothing in the story to say he was forced to do it.
Adele brought her stool to my feet; ere long she touched my knee. "What is it, Adele?"
The doorkeeper gives him a stool and lets him sit down to one side of the gate.
The young girl did not appear to pay any attention to him; she went and came, displaced a stool, talked to her goat, and indulged in a pout now and then.
Now place your feet on the stool, to keep them out of the wet.
They had got me by this time into the apartment indicated by Mrs. Reed, and had thrust me upon a stool: my impulse was to rise from it like a spring; their two pair of hands arrested me instantly.
I mastered the rising hysteria, lifted up my head, and took a firm stand on the stool.
"Let her stand half-an-hour longer on that stool, and let no one speak to her during the remainder of the day."
I did try, but was presently swept off the stool and denominated "a little bungler."
Georgiana sat on a high stool, dressing her hair at the glass, and interweaving her curls with artificial flowers and faded feathers, of which she had found a store in a drawer in the attic.
I'd have my assistant sit on his naughty stool if he didn't love it so much.
Now how do you wedge a stool against a door After you've already left the room?
How one to have passion for stool poked in face?
The police reports plainly states that the stool Was simply sitting in front of the two unlocked French doors at the other side of the room,
-Okay, we are at stop 4 on our tour. Of Alexander Moto's Boston properties.
You have to put a stop to things somewhere. I ask for the Rules of Procedure to be strictly applied, in particular Rule 26(3).
Time to move on to the next stop, people -- the crash-test facility!
We must therefore put a stop to all these negative actions aimed at discouraging women.
At the end of Anicle 24, the full stop is replaced by semi-colon and the following is added:
Children, this is the last stop for our school program "Scared Smart" in which we learn that being cool in high school does not mean success.
The further global proliferation of weapons-grade nuclear material can only be prevented by putting a total stop to plutonium production and ensuring the safe storage of existing stocks, under international control.
Let us finally begin to move towards putting a stop to plutonium production.
Will the Council exert pressure on the UK Government to put an immediate stop to any plans which would involve the storage of radioactive waste under the Irish Sea?
Here is the second-place car, Ferrari Number 8, coming in for what should be its last stop for fuel and driver change.
That means one more stop I'll have to make.
Your first stop is the newsboy near Geary and Laguna."
And they've made this, what was just a store along a commercial strip, into a community gathering space.
Just as she was about to leave the store, she saw a beautiful dress in the window.
And she keeps them all in school by selling water from that kiosk, and from selling soap and bread from the little store inside.
A good store is where the bread is always hot and the drinks are always cold.
There were fewer meals with home-cooked breads, desserts and soups, because all of them could be bought at any store.
Everything at that store is 10 percent off the regular price.
It turns out that regular Play-Doh that you buy at the store conducts electricity, and high school physics teachers have used that for years.
I bought a VCR at that store for a low price.
I still have to get to the store, and I can't carry a lot of things."
I asked many persons about the store, but no one had heard of it.
He had installed the heavy equipment for his new process in an abandoned store in the vicinity of Kings Mountain, and for two months these 16 men would live and work together, mastering the new process.
Don't expect me to leave the store and drive you there.
They are compared with a vocabulary of sounds in the electronic store of the computer.
Otherwise who is to know what tomorrow has in store?
Such a model acts as a store of past experience of the sector's performance, in the form of knowledge of the causal relationships that drive the sector and their outcomes.
So he dragged the faun into the store room, where he hung it up to mature.
At data-acquisition workstations information is transferred from paper documents via a keyboard into the computer system's store.
Well, why don't you ask him to pull a prank to help Apu turn his nice, new store here back into a rat hole?
I'm sorry. I wasn't looking and the store won't take it back because you signed for it.
As the characteristics responses of fault and back face differ from each other, a second parallel characteristics store is required for the back face echo.
The Palestinian poet Mourid Barghouti writes that if you want to dispossess a people, the simplest way to do it is to tell their story and to start with, "secondly."
"Oh! you must tell us that story, my good Mahiette," said Gervaise, taking her arm.
I've never heard of such a strange story.
But I must quickly add that I too am just as guilty in the question of the single story.
'That's in the style of the story, "That's just what I can't bear"; do you know it?' asked Oblonsky. 'Oh, it's delightful!
When they heard the story, they burst into laughter.
The unit of intelligibility of most of our brains is the story.
The moral of the story is that the temptations of the flesh are pernicious and malignant.
Ray was willing to corroborate Gary's story, but the police were still unconvinced that either of them were telling the truth.
The consequence of the single story is this: It robs people of dignity.
So the first thing they do is they pop up the retail a half a story above grade to make it sporty.
This little chamber, which the king reserved for himself in the famous state prison, was also tolerably spacious and occupied the topmost story of a turret rising from the donjon keep.
I only made it one story tall. Um.... But you're gonna walk it.
Come on, Derek, let's get this ladder to the second story.
Arthur Soltanoff, 45, fell from a second story window.
And then climb out the window, shimmy down one story, unspooling 600 feet of wire along they way.
Yeah, it kills me every time I look at you, Gil Carter, second story man turning into a stool jockey.
Ben Furusho jumped from the second story of a Holiday Inn in Nashua.
I also plummeted an entire story before grabbing hold.
In bethesda, there is a small, second story flat.
A second argument would be: because it was sitting on a stove with the flame on -- that's an historical argument.
At the stove stood Leni, in a white apron as always, breaking eggs into a pot standing on a spirit lamp.
She assumed that I did not know how to use a stove.
Why have a six burner stove when you rarely use three?
Many women held babies in one arm and worked at the stove with the other.
The stove alone was three times bigger than normal stoves, but it was not possible to see any detail beyond this as the kitchen was at the time illuminated by no more than a small lamp hanging by the entrance.
We'll take the refrigerator and the stove. They're pretty new.
The project also provides a training programme that includes videos, a manual and even construction moulds to ensure that the stove can be used properly.
Now, I don't plan to watch our money go down the drain like I did with the stove and the refrigerator and our marriage certificate.
"Not to wak you, left londry in kichen. You hav fresh cofe on stove.
The olive oil that came in first was actually a bottle of Whole Foods 365 olive oil which had been oxidizing next to my stove for six months.
Yes--the way I'd like a hot stove if I was to set on it long enough.
When the boy came in contact with the hot stove, he burned his hand.
It was hot in the room, small, and too low where the stove was hissing in the midst of wigs and pomades.
The room Levin entered was a large one with a tiled stove and a partition.
"Do get closer to the stove; put your feet up against the porcelain."
It's almost time for you to go and light the stove in the studio, or it won't be fit to work in.
Can you remember to turn off the stove in 20 minutes?
- Kidneys on the stove; just warm them.
Now look, the pots and pans are on that shelf there, over the stove. - Oh, yes.
We were wasting all this time looking for an unknown disease. We should have be looking for a different strain of an unknown disease.
Serological data a) The following serological assessments should be considered for each strain in adult subjects, aged between 18 and 60:
He'd had his shots, but it was a new strain and in the middle of it, he had horrible dreams.
The product evaluated by the Committee is derived from a genetically modified strain of Escherichia coli K12 GE81.
This strain is particular to the American Somoan region of the South Pacific.
— information about the test organism (scientific name, strain; supplier or source, any pretreatment, breeding method — including source, kind and amount of food, feeding frequency),
This is the work of a pathogen of some kind of a highly virulent strain.
So far there is no cytopathic HCV strain which meets these requirements.
What is this other strain that I'm hearing about?
The induction rate moreover varies greatly with the strain used.
Avoid prolonged use of the console. To help prevent eye strain, take a break of about 15 minutes during every hour of play.
Why, those readings would mean that Judy must've been under tremendous strain for quite a while.
You heard this morning how combinations' of levels of physical work load and environmental stress found in the Steel Industry can cause the operator to suffer high levels of physiological strain.
I think it would be wise To have a healer along, Especially one that does well under strain.
All forms of husbandry which can only ensure economic development by the continued depletion of resources and the related increasing strain on the natural environment need to be transformed as soon as possible.
I know she is a little abrasive, but she's under a strain.
ON THE OTHER HAND, IF I STAY AWAKE ANY LONGER, THE STRAIN WILL BE TOO MUCH FOR MY HEART. AND THAT'LL BE THE END OF ME.
- ambient air; - noise; - thermal and physical strain on the flame-scarfer.
The rain has put a bad strain on the support.
This points to more favourable working conditions and a better pattern of work in the old flame-scarfing shop resulting in less cardiovascular strain than in the new one.
But through a satellite link I was able to sit at my study at home with my dog curled up at my feet, a cup of tea in my hand, and I could tell the pilot, "I want a sample right there."
And then he suddenly remembered that, and why, he was not sleeping there but in his study. The smile vanished from his face and he frowned.
The house has a dining room, a bedroom and a study.
At that most painful time of lonely despair she came to his house and entered his study unannounced.
The cup is to take pride of place in my study.
He was in his study and sat at the table writing.
The prominent poet attempted to commit suicide in his study.
'Lord have mercy, Lord have mercy, Lord have mercy,' she repeated to herself till she fell asleep. Meanwhile below in the Prince's little study her parents were having one of their frequent scenes about their favourite daughter.
The architecture... I don't really care about it. I just want a comfortable study and comfortable bedroom.
On entering the study Ryabinin looked round by force of habit as though to find the icon, but after finding it he did not cross himself.
I engage in the use of game theory, game theory is a branch of mathematics and that means, sorry, that even in the study of politics, math has come into the picture.
So, mum wanted me to take an AP English class and Mr. Munios is teaching AP English class in 3rd period, so I can take 7th and 8th period free, and then take social studies during 5th period as an independent study.
Only a small team of innovatory teachers1 would be needed in each establishment, capable of identifying pedagogical or educational problems which concern their colleagues, whether consciously or not, and of stimulating joint interdisciplinary study of these problems.
Fiscal equalisation is systematic when, as is assumed in this study, equalisation standards of capacity or performance are adopted and the intergovernmental transfers are based explicitly on the measurement of departures from those standards.
How flattering. I know the directors of the Regents Zoo... regard you as the highest living authority on the study of rare spiders.
Belgium has also established a number of professional and vocational equivalences which are outside the scope of this study.
Ms. Lonas, I'd like you to prepare a home study and a deeper background investigation.
Given this scenario, Commissioner, I should very much appreciate it if the Commission would take account of these cases in the study it is to undertake and which will, I hope, be completed as swiftly as possible.
The Committee's intention is to ensure that until the results of the study are available, the present regulations'remain in force.
Of great utility and perhaps decisive importance will be the detailed results of the feasibility study already undertaken by those responsi ble for the work and by the British Ministry of Energy, which — according to our information — will still require one or two years to complete.
And we studied with a wise man, a guru named Karoli Baba, who then told me to get rid of the dress, put on a three-piece suit, go join the United Nations as a diplomat and work for the World Health Organization.
'Didn't you tell me you would never again put on Western European clothes?' he asked, surveying Levin's new suit, evidently made by a French tailor. 'That's it!
He stood out because he was wearing a suit.
Because he was standing there in like a cheap suit, thin mustache, staring at me.
Wingsuit flying is a suit, that I can make fly, just only with my body.
I want a tie to go with this suit.
The other problem was the suit was so buoyant that they had to strap my feet in to keep me from floating up.
As he looked through the store window, Dima's eyes widened as they fell upon a gorgeous black suit, and then widened even more when he noticed the 3,000,000.99 BYR price tag.
Authority comes, paints the wall white, leaves the tank, leaves the suit, and throws a bucket of black paint just to hide the face of the monster.
I think this suit is vastly superior to that one in quality.
He sued to be allowed to run, and he won the suit, but didn't qualify by time.
'I have come to tell you that I am going to Moscow tomorrow and shall not return to this house again, and that you will hear my decision through the lawyer whom I shall employ in the divorce suit.
I remembered this piece that "Frontline" did a year ago about the young lawyer who originally filed the suit.
The Ishoj Committee against Xenophobia, at the request of two individuals who had been denied housing due to the quota system, filed suit for violation of the Racial Discrimination Act.
Specifically that Mr Schlichtmann had no evidential grounds on which to bring this suit - only his knowledge that W.R. Grace Corporation has a lot of money.
Therefore what possibilities are there for a citizen or a group of citizens to bring suit to prevent an action which they consider potentially environmentally harmful taking place?
As far as future employment nobody will hire a pretty young woman fresh on the heels of a sex-discrimination suit.
In the same month, the International Court of Justice (ICJ) ruling in the suit filed in 1993 by Bosnia and Herzegovina against the former Serbia and Montenegro (FRY) started to define domestic politics.
If you agree to have me represent you in this suit,
Suppose instead that the person bringing suit (the plaintiff) was not an adjoining property owner, but the secretary of an angling association, which paid a subscription for the fishing rights in that stretch of the river, would they still be able to sue successfully?
Or lips, and when they touched, yours were like that first swallow of wine after you just crossed the desert.
Just another small swallow of the reagent, if you please.
Don't put it back with just a swallow in the container.
It's two bars of gold for one swallow.
The world model that a bat needs in order to navigate through three dimensions catching insects must be pretty similar to the world model that any flying bird, a day-flying bird like a swallow, needs to perform the same kind of tasks.
The boy can't tell a swallow from a sparrow.
He offered me his wounds to suck, like a swallow.
In order to maintain air-speed velocity, a swallow needs to beat its wings 43 times every second, right?
Of course, it is tragic that Edgar died but one swallow doesn't make a summer.
This little brooch in the shape of a swallow.
I say "dump," he immediately connects it with the Swallow.
The swallow may fly south with the sun, or the house martin or the plover may seek warmer climes in winter, yet these are not strangers to our land.
So they threw it on the dust-heap where the dead Swallow was also lying.
You fly off like a swallow. You desert your old guardian. You leave him all alone, worried sick.
Just idiotic. I've been dabbling in the syndicate.
The biggest commitments within the syndicate were made by West L B and Kommunalkredit Austria.
Listen,Jack,I gave the syndicate manager my IPO allocations.
The project must be carried out by a small or medium-sized enterprise and financed by a new transnational syndicate of Community venture capital companies.
And that our syndicate has already contracted to buy all diamonds that this new find may produce.
Nearly 1500 ha of wetlands were bought, or leased under strict management, by the communes, syndicate and an NGO.
We believe a man called Jeromir Tomsa has been hired by the Syndicate to carry out these murders.
Unlike the previous OATs, it was issued through a syndicate of banks of various nationalities (and as such is listed as an international issue in Table IV of this Bulletin).
When you announce that our syndicate has submitted the highest bid and won the diamond, you will also make one other announcement.
— is to be underwritten and distributed by a syndicate, at least two of the members of which have their registered offices in different Sutes,
Sabotage won't convince me to do more business with the Syndicate.
Artists, the syndicate of visual arts, art critics, institutions like the Modern Art Museum, the Academy of Fine Art, the University of Rome and second ary school pupils will be involved in the centre's activities.
But why are they go after a guy who left the syndicate years ago?
That whole syndicate comes up for trial in a few weeks.
He's in contention because certain very powerful elements in the American syndicate are pushing him.
Angry at the Syndicate. Angry at us. Angry at her husband for getting killed.
My mother would destroy this place before she'd deal with the Syndicate.
We knew that a Starfleet operative was trying to infiltrate the Syndicate.
When he came. Said he squared himself with the syndicate.
I know I'm not offering you any hard evidence, but Janel seems like a man who's being pressured by the Syndicate.
I really didn't want to play tag with Tom and his friends.
And you wanted to play tag with this group of neighborhood kids, but... they wouldn't let you.
Purple, hot pink and regular pink, and they sort of, like, play tag with each other
He's the most dangerous horse I know and you're playing tag as if he were a dog.
I don't believe this. Ten years of international intrigue I'm playing tag with a psychotic truck owner and a Romeo shoe salesman.
What about a game of tag on a French schoolyard? Ah, touché.
I mean, I was dead wrong about that cheetah playing tag with the gazelle on Animal Planet.
She was at school playing tag. Slipped, hit her head, and that was it.
Everyone from the NSA to the CIA wants to know what a supposedly retired agent is doing playing tag with Russian border guards.
Two weeks in the swamp playing tag with your trusted coolies at night.
And then imagine being Bruce Mate's team from OSU, getting up close to a blue whale and fixing a tag on the blue whale that stays, an engineering challenge we've yet to really overcome.
The digital tag is already leading us to terrorist organizations all around the globe. Good work, team.
Dora the penguin weighed 11.4 kg when her tag (number 34880) was applied on 17 January 2008.
Our tag must not have penetrated the blood brain barrier.
As an account holder, and manually upload she can enter the bank, a digital tag to their network.
Um,maybe it's a-a tag for a human trafficking thing or something.
What if the tag just doesn't work in his brain?
He trembled so that he pierced the skin of the temple in several places.
"Yes," said K., raising his hand and holding the temple of his head, "headaches, worries in the family."
The victim died of a haemorrhage, following violent blows, one to the temple.
Reduced iris contraction, thinning of the hair on the left temple.
Lying stone-cold on the garage floor With a perfect splatter of blood Projecting from their left temple?
An autopsy showed the lesions, the right cerebral hemorrhage and the fracture of the left temple.
Liliane Lescudet slipped and shattered her temple on the bathtub.
And then he took the gun, he put it up to my... my temple, and he pulled the trigger, and he said he will do the same thing, but he'll keep the bullets in.
First his forehead, then the back of his head and his right temple.
Usually I'd take my gun, press it to your temple and ask you very politely to do what I want.
They were allowed to return to Jerusalem and to rebuild the temple.
We entered the quiet and humble temple; the priest waited in his white surplice at the lowly altar, the clerk beside him.
This is the temple which we used to visit.
We have fading memories of that provisional temple, erected each time an adult sat down.
I, no more than yourself, have seen the Chaldean masonry works constructed according to the sacred form of the Sikra, nor the temple of Solomon, which is destroyed, nor the stone doors of the sepulchre of the kings of Israel, which are broken.
Herod the Great built the Masada fortress and rebuilt the Temple.
Well, if you teach, if you worship in the temple of learning, do not mock the gods, because they will take you, fill you with curiosity and desire, and drive you. Drive you with a passion to change things.
The greatest and most beautiful temple of man is inside himself.
It was not until the 14th century that an Italian painter recognized the lap as a Grecian temple, upholstered in flesh and cloth.
The temple of Solomon, for example, was not alone the binding of the holy book; it was the holy book itself.
MM: And that linking of the digital content to something that's physical is what we call an aura, and I'll be using that term a little bit as we go through the talk.
The term "ministry of defense" is considered by many to be a euphemism for what was earlier called the "ministry of war".
He actually coined the term Homo sapiens -- it means wise man in Latin.
When the term "crusade" is used to refer to a noble quest, the groups who suffered from the original medieval crusades are not happy.
Next is a term -- I do it quick. I call this stealing.
Tom doesn't like to use the term "a person of color" because he thinks it implies that white people have no color.
And he coined this term e-Patients -- equipped, engaged, empowered, enabled.
The term "Sattelzeit" denotes the transitional period between the early modern age and the late modern age.
And as a result of Voice Over IP -- I hate that term -- Voice Over Internet -- land-line home-phone service has gone down 30 percent in the last three years.
The "high seas" is a legal term, but in fact, it covers 50 percent of the planet.
I should've given myself to Victor last term when I had the chance.
Major interference with the national patterns of the academic year would be resisted, but some harmonisation of term dates and flexibility over study periods and examinations could surely be achieved, to the benefit of ICPs.
You will report to me as my assistant for the term.
In dental studies and nursing, there is a numerus clausus after the first term.
And you are, thanks to this national socialist government, in your 8th term by now.
This educational process will take place outside a classroom, at times other than during the academic year or term, and certainly throughout one's life.
I've 75 students of English literature, I teach nine classes a week and our new term starts next week. And I love you.
All students should study abroad, preferably in a foreign language, for at leastone term, and should gain an accepted language qualification as part of theirdegree course.
Yanker decided to join us- a bit late in the term, but eager to catch up.
The teacher exchanges are for at least a month, with longer exchanges of a term under consideration.
Well, they're not going to take your territory away, are they?
: the Netherlands : The local authority of the place in whose territory the employer has his registered office or place of business.
Well, these past few months I've been busy breaking a new man in to take over my territory.
The customs office for the frontier station through which the goods in transit leave the customs territory of the Community shall act as office of destination.
Right now he is the most dangerous animal in this territory.
I learn the territory, then they bring me to work full-time in Chicago.
Because the actions of a nation state are neither confined to itself, nor is it sufficient for the nation state itself to control its own territory, because the effects outside the nation state are now beginning to affect what happens inside them.
What can we learn from a dog? Let others know when they've invaded your territory.
And so you spend your days fighting things off, defending your territory and becoming more entrenched in your fundamental thinking.
He sees an intruder in his territory, and it's coming all the time and he's there, so there is no end to it.
For all the denial of climate change by government leaders, the CIA and the navies of Norway and the U.S. and Canada, whatever are busily thinking about how they will secure their territory in this inevitability from their point of view.
You know the territory better than anyone we've got.
Only one month ago the United Kingdom Prime Minister said that Britain will veto the application of Spain unless free dom of movement is guaranteed and barriers against the territory of Gibraltar are lifted.
We assume his intention was to appropriate a boat and row across to neutral territory.
Northern Ireland knows all about this with the claim of the Irish Republic, in Articles 2 and 3 of its Constitution, to United Kingdom territory, a claim declared to be a constitutional imperative by the Supreme Court in Dublin. At recent talks the
Now, we want to see how much he's willing to defend his new territory.
I can take this disk and put it here, and while it stays here -- don't move -- I will try to rotate the track, and hopefully, if I did it correctly, it stays suspended.
My business has at last gotten on the right track.
And somehow -- we don't really know exactly the whole story -- but the train took the wrong track and went to a work camp rather than the death camp.
Now, I can extend this circular magnet, and make whatever track I want.
No, I haven't been winning at the track.
A stand-by arrangement with the LMF ran off track soon after it had been approved.
At 12.10, as it was his custom, he arrived at the track.
ERTMS is a prime example, based as it is on two main new pieces of technology: the European Train Control System, the signalling and control-command component, and GSM-R, the radio system for communicating between track and train.
Birmingham Special. Leaves in 10 minutes. Track 17.
As these countries are planning or implementing a number of measures necessary to bring their economies back on track, it can be expected that average economic growth in the region will accelerate again, and that further progress will be made on macroeconomic stabilisation.
So with two designers, Tolga and Christina, at my office, we took a track -- many of you probably know it. It’s about 25 years old, and it's David Byrne and Brian Eno -- and we did this little animation.
First, I'll let you cue in the next track.
"You Give Love a Bad Name" is the first track on my "Get Psyched" mix!
Well, the thing is, Bob, the boat is actually sinking, and if you listen to the end of this track, you will die.
Well, we got time for one more track.
I mean, you know, they do need a fiddle for one track.
Well, I reached out to some of my studio connects in LA, and I was thinking we can get the first track placed in a... in a film, the right film.
You gotta have the right track for this kind of thing.
All right, so I'm going to start off here with a little track by Willie Nelson. Excuse me, uh... (Whispering)
So here's with both the vocals in, the second guitar, the Mesa that we added, so the track is starting to build up a little.
So I just switched on in the train, loudly.
HAVING TAKEN LEAVE OF THE PRINCESS, Koznyshev with Katavasov, who had joined him, entered the very crowded carriage, and the train started.
I met him by chance on the train this morning.
Now Brunel may have asked a question like this, "How do I take a train from London to New York?"
In the evening I had only just gone to my room when my Mary told me that at the station a lady had thrown herself under a train.
The traffic accident prevented me from catching the train.
Here is one example. This is a train which goes from London to Paris.
He may have missed the train and be back already. Wanting to humiliate yourself again!' she said to herself.
Be quick, or you will miss the train.
So the engineer's boss said, "Find a way to quiet this train."
Kitty flushed and, a little giddy, took her train off Krivin's knees and looked round for Anna.
- "I drag my life like an endless train". - Excuse me.
So, um, when she got married, she insisted on having This, uh, this long train.
Hmm... you know, I still say you've made that train too long.
It would be a lot more stylish with a short train.
Um, she didn't wear it to her dance rehearsals, And the night of the wedding, her husband kept Stepping on the train.
She made me carry her train which was weird because I was Wonder Woman.
Some of our brides try to change into a 10-foot train in our ladies room.
There you'll be reunited with your father, and your sisters will carry the train of your gown.
The train is 16 feet long-- that is the longest in the world.
We're not a hundred percent sure, they took their translator with them.
Often in these big hotels, you run into women from foreign countries who may need a translator... or a guide.
I mean, I'm his assistant, and his... - translator, and his collaborator... - Mmm-hmm.
820, Mr. Mohammed needs a translator to go with him to Jackie Mason.
And he doesn't speak English but his translator says he totally gets me. Okay, here you go.
Except for, you know, when you're on a date and you're getting along great but the guy's translator keeps getting in the way?
You speak pretty good English for someone who needs a translator.
Luke, tell Uncle if he gets a translator, be sure it speaks Bocce.
Could you be the translator's date so that when we want to be alone you two can split off?
If you have a need for a translator I'll give you a cheap rate.
I kind of like asked these questions and chatted with him through a translator in kind of a half whisper.
I am studying to be a translator or interpreter.
The middle is an English translation that was done by somebody who was a professional English translator who we paid 20 cents a word for this translation.
All of these solutions derive their origins from the text of the book, but once the book designer has read the text, then he has to be an interpreter and a translator.
So when I heard that the translator, Gregory Rabassa, had written his own book on the subject, I couldn't wait to read it.
Kodak hired Natasha to be a translator for them at the Olympics in Korea.
So I am a 21st-century translator of technology into products that we use everyday and relate beautifully and naturally with.
Adjusting the translator will give you something to do.
If a rough translation has been provided just for information, you should always consult the translator before using it for any other purpose.
They're not gonna waitfor a translator to show up before they start shooting.
Now this is what you do, is you bend both these legs into a triangle, and you just wrap some tape around.
He had accordingly stationed his brigade in such a manner that, viewed from above and from a distance, one would havepronounced it the Roman triangle of the battle of Ecnomus, the boar's head of Alexander or the famous wedge of Gustavus Adolphus.
God cannot make a triangle with more than 180 degrees.
This becomes an isosceles triangle -- again, very shaky.
A vertical section of this kennel, as Phoebus had so justly styled it, would have made a triangle.
If you have three of them, and you loop them together, well you make a triangle.
In the distance there was a large triangle of candles flickering on the main altar, K. was not certain whether he had seen them earlier.
So they pick a shape they like -- like a diamond, or a square, or a triangle, or a trapezoid -- and then they try and make the next larger shape of that same shape, and the next larger shape.
'They have been ready a long time,' replied the marker, who had already placed the balls in a triangle and was rolling the red ball about to pass the time.
Let's see what happens if we do two symmetries with the triangle, one after the other.
Or a triangle but that would have sides, so a circle.
To do this,we need the input of all key stakeholders, of all the instruments of our rural orchestra, the violins as wellas the trumpets and the triangle.
I'll play the fucking triangle. I just want to make music again.
So you pull that triangle and lasagna comes out?
This is the one where one woman stands in the back very seriously playing the triangle?
People, 15,000,that's a paltry sum for the honor of striking the triangle in the rapturous final moments of Mahler's fifth symphony.
The suitcase can be conveniently dropped in your trunk of your car.
What's in the beach bag that's in the trunk of your car?
That two of the hottest cars in the United States is a 55,000-dollar giant car, big enough to hold a mini in its trunk.
Tom loaded the bags into the trunk of his car.
Tom keeps an extra pair of shoes in the trunk of his car.
The most logical place to keep your spare tire is in the trunk of your car.
What's in the beach bag that's in the trunk of your car?
I told you to open the hood, not the trunk.
Tom put his bags in the trunk, then hopped in the car and drove off.
Tom keeps a hunting knife in the trunk of his car.
Now it's hopped from his left thumb to his left leg, skipping the trunk entirely.
An extremity dosemeter is a dosemeter which is worn on an extremity in situations where the dose to the extremity may be singificantly greater than the dose to the trunk of the body.
He is but limbs, dangling from a skewered trunk.
— the average over the whole body, as well as the local peaks in the limbs and in the head and trunk, of the SAR averaged over any six minute period,
Aim for his trunk, you want to inflict as much damage as quickly as possible.
The results of both methods were comparable, namely that the trunk has to be bent excessively when the bottom tray is lifted.
The embryo, the cephalic pole, the trunk, the amniotic sac... and the genitals.
Induced current density in head and trunk (A-m-2)(')
The phantoms however are widely available and represent the head and trunk of average-sized adult patients.
As explained in Section 2.1, a single dosemeter worn on the trunk of the body normally provides an adequate measure of the body dose and the skin dose.
All right, we have known for a long time that economic issues were more important than the environment or, in other words, Mr Narjes, that the Commission thinks the elephant's tail is its trunk.
Is it about the elephant who got his long trunk?
Mr Muntingh, rapporteur. — Mr President, like an elephant with its trunk, we human beings are never seen without our pollution, which is our most striking characteristic.
Dr. Spamy wanted to send two eggs at once. Out of curiosity, he stuck his trunk in the teleporter. Idiot!
Soldier, remember, in battle, that trunk can save your life.
When you pull the trunk the light was supposed to go on.
Let me show you how he picks them up with his trunk.
Why don't you put a few labels on his trunk in case he wants to travel?
He just won't be able to use his trunk for a while. He'll eat through a straw.
Right here. Now, the elephant twists its trunk!
Zero to 10. How high? 10. How certain am I that you're going to respond to me? 10. How much uncertainty?
Now, the only way to maintain sanity and achieve happiness in the midst of this uncertainty is to keep balance and perspective in life.
Of course, we can't know what's going to happen and we have to live with uncertainty.
The whole history of telephony is a story of dealing with that uncertainty.
And you know what it feels like: all of that uncertainty while you’re left out in the hallway while the docs are dealing with some more urgent case in one of the emergency rooms, wondering what the heck’s going on.
The payoffs to innovation are greatest where the uncertainty is highest.
And I put them together, so that in each pair of country, one has twice the child mortality of the other. And this means that it's much bigger a difference than the uncertainty of the data.
Like climbing up into a cave and doing that stuff all the way down there. Total variety and uncertainty.
This is an experiment done by Jennifer Whitson at U.T. Austin and whether feelings of uncertainty and out of control makes people see illusory patterns.
Cochrane understood that uncertainty, that fallibility, that being challenged, they hurt.
I'm telling you, with no uncertainty, your father is dead.
Our uncertainty relates to the precise effects on health and the various synergistic caused by NOx
"and periodically erupting: "See photo A. "To remove all uncertainty from the matter,
Any act or demonstration of that kind increases confusion and uncertainty in the fight against terrorism, and any encouragement of the phenomenon should not only be banned, but should also be prosecuted under the criminal law.
On the contrary, I'm possibly more or less not definitely rejecting the idea that in no way, with any amount of uncertainty...
The by the peremptory the present accentuated the mode of and the proceedings, by despatch, setting of a timelimit for were capable in themselves of payment, applicants' creating uncertainty letters.
Can't you see I can't live with this uncertainty?
The drafting of a legislative act must be:clear,easy to understand and unambiguous;simple,concise,containing no unnecessary elements;precise,leaving no uncertainty in the mind of the reader.
The main weakness of Intrastat, besides the cost of the system, is the size of inconsistencies in the results leading to high uncertainty about the real trade performance of a given Member State.8 The following example illustrates this quality problem.
Uncertainty arises over the fact that the wording could suggest that right of movement and residence cannot be exercised in the absence of implementing provisions.
And because our universe is only three spatial dimensions, it can hold fluids.
This little shoe was the universe to her, as we have already said.
He thought of himself as a speck of dust in an immensely vast universe.
It doesn't work in a universe with four dimensions of space, nor five, nor six.
'I am asking about the relation to the Deity of all the different beliefs of mankind. I am asking about the general revelation of God to the whole universe with all those cloudy nebulae.
Give me a key, and I will unlock the universe.
So, you can kind of get an idea from this extrapolating that back under this huge picture, so we get this idea of what the primal universe looked like.
And these telescopes, among other things, they're being used to study how the expansion of the universe is changing with time.
And the cathedral was not only society for him, but the universe, and all nature beside.
Any universe simple enough to be understood is too simple to produce a mind able to understand it.
The 235 678 enter prises affiliated to them constituted the universe of the study.
The other conditions were knowledge of the universe of possible register records involved and the formulation of rules for coding, linking and conversion to transform administrative units into statistical units.
The proportion of the universe that is covered by the field of obsenration ineach l{erber State is, in rpst instanc€s, sr.bstantial as Table 3 indicates.
Once the universe of segments had been classified in this way, it was subdivided, within each stratum, into zones of 100 segments, which in turn were subdivided into 10 sub-zones of 10 segments each.
The LUCAS universe consists of the entire territory of the European Union (15 Member States), i.e. 3 240 190 km
2.01 Universe of the study 2.02 Organization of the sector 2.03 Analysis of data
2.01 Universe of the study on cooperatives and mutuais 2.02 Organization of the sector 2.03 Analysis of data
2.01 Universe of the study 2.02 Organization of the sector 2.03 Analysis of data
The calculation should be done on the basis of the assumed distribution of the universe from which the sample is taken.
(sample obtained by taking every k’th unit from a list of the universe)
Pettengill was a 23-year-old vet who had planned to make the army a career, but then he got a severe back injury in Iraq, and that forced him to take a medical discharge.
A world where people steal a vet's knapsack.
Yeah, Lonny Tucker, 82, he's a combat vet.
He isn't the first vet to try something extreme.
He's a washed-up vet who wants to throw his weight around.
Nigga, youse a young'n, but baby, I'm a vet. And I don't spin nothing that ain't on my set.
No, he's just some old vet that I train with, you know?
We took in a vet-- well,we thinkNhe's a vet-- not sure who he is vet.
The young vet at the ceremony this morning, Harry.
What happens to the body of a homeless vet when they die?
I hope to become a vet when I grow up so that I can take care of stray cats and dogs who wander around the streets of the village that I live near Gilgit, northern Pakistan.
'Send for the vet, maybe it's a bruise.'
Mary wants to become a vet because she loves animals.
A lot more than you'd get in a hospital or a vet's.
My vet told me to feed my dog in the evening.
My vet told me to feed my dog in the evening.
The vet diagnosed this as transmissible venereal tumor, a sexually transmitted cancer that affects dogs.
Even though her vet told her not to, she continued to feed her dog raw vegetables.
You keep quiet or I'll call the vet... and he'll cut them off and you'll bark like Cyndi Lauper.
The determination of the sex of young animals requires that the vet has recourse to the administration of certain hormonal substances, and this occurs within a strictly zoological framework well-defined by Community legislation.
The Movie... starring Marlon Brando as the voice of John Truckasaurus.
It alms to represent the general interest of Europeans, since the Community can provide Europe with a more powerful voice than that of its individual Member States.
The guy doing this voice is the same guy who sang "Earth Angel" in "Meet The Quagmires".
There's hundreds of people doing voice work, but only five of them are making all the money.
You can think of this nagging inner voice as sort of the brain's equivalent of the Catholic Church, if you're an Austrian like me, or the super-ego, if you're Freudian, or your mother, if you're Jewish.
St. John called me to his side to read; in attempting to do this my voice failed me: words were lost in sobs.
When he heard the voice, he looked out of the window.
Voice 2: Well, there goes the neighborhood.
The voice of Mrs. Fairfax, speaking to a servant in the hall, wakened you: and how curiously you smiled to and at yourself, Janet!
God gave her a beautiful face and sweet voice.
Voice 1: You'll have to stay here in the safe house until we get word the terrorist threat is over.
"What do you want?" she inquired, in a voice of surprise, as she surveyed me by the light of the candle she held.
Speak the truth, even if your voice shakes.
The tumult of cessation from lessons was already breaking forth, but it sank at her voice.
So they're crossing thousands of kilometers in a fraction of a second, and as they do so, they not only curve space, but they leave behind in their wake a ringing of space, an actual wave on space-time.
Ramsey's a serial predator who's left a trail of damaged kids in his wake.
In the wake of enlargement it was considered opportune to adapt these early agreements to the new situation and draw up a global Mediterranean Policy.
If you can get Elack to crash into the Marauders on the planet, we might be able to escape in the explosion wake, or at least far enough so the Command Carrier can't track us.
A few quick glances to check the tension of the ropes and the net suddenly appears in the vessel's wake.
Now, ordinarily, we would either match him and return fire or slip into his wake and make a run at his stern.
This is equally the case as regards key potential growth sectors, which in the wake of rapid technological change will not initially be labour intensive.
A wake that... fades into the distance and disappears.
Following in the wake of the agricultural sector, the ancillary and processing industries have also carved out a leading position for themselves, as is the case with the stainless steel and specialized engineering industries.
As for me, I'll not sail in the wake of those accursed witches.
You mean crashing that poor guy's wake and eating his widow's shrimp skewers?
I will then hold a wake in the offbeat style you so favor.
Are you so worried that I'll find happiness without you that you feel the need to spread baseless lies at the wake of my best friend's grandmother?
And in this bed we held your sister Paula's wake.
But he lit eight candles at the wake. That's more than was on any corpse before.
And those are our mourners' chairs where we will sit and mourn because this is an Irish wake.
- A wake in Asher's honor, here.
Like she's laid out at her own wake.
Looks like this wake might end up being the wake-up call you so desperately need.
My beloved father throws your undeserving little brother the wake of his life, and this-- This is your thank-you?
When they were born at 6:14 and 6:46 on April 15, 2005, our otherwise grim, humorless doctor looked at his watch, and was like, "Hmm, April 15th -- tax day.
Then he pulled out his watch and quickly looked over at K.
Chris could not conceal his sadness when he heard that Beth had been unable to find his valuable watch.
'Yes, that goes without saying,' replied the celebrity, and again looked at his watch. 'Excuse me, has the bridge over the Yauza been repaired, or has one still to drive round?' he asked.
This gold watch is the apple of my eye. Mother gave it to me as a keep-sake in her later years.
ES: Well, imagine that you have two gears of a watch, a big one and a small one.
Once downstairs, K., with his watch in his hand, decided to take a taxi - he had already been delayed by half an hour and there was no need to make the delay any longer.
It occurred to me that my watch might be broken.
Kismet: Scientist: This is a watch that my girlfriend gave me.
After a long round, through the Gazetny Street and the Kislovka, he returned to the hotel, put his watch in front of him, and sat down waiting till it should be twelve.
The sergeants of the watch were clearing a passage for it through the crowd, by stout blows from their clubs.
A fruit dealer gave me a plum here, a baker flung me a crust there; in the evening I got myself taken up by the watch, who threw me into prison, and there I found a bundle of straw.
He hid the lantern in Huck's sugar hogshead and the watch began.
"By the way, sire," said Gossip Coictier, "I had forgotten that in the first agitation, the watch have seized two laggards of the band.
"Poor little dancer with the goat!" said the old sergeant of the watch.
No, the best thing is to sleep with one eye open... or to take the watch in turns.
This to me in dread and secrecy did they impart and I with them the third night kept the watch, where, as they had reported, both in time, form of the thing, each word made true and good, the apparition comes.
One man comes off watch and climbs into the other man's stink.
The others are having fun and we have to keep watch.
I hope you didn't get distracted during your watch.
The policeman asked if Maria had greeted me with a wave, a hug or a kiss.
Well, luckily, Glappy was sleeping, so Matchie goes straight to Candy Castle where he becomes King Candy, who can turn everyone into sweets with a wave of his royal gum ball staff.
A clipboard and a confident wave will get you into any building in the world.
I told you I saw someone doing the wave.
I was a body surfer and I thought, "Wow, that was an incredible wave!"
Often looking at her, it seemed to him that his soul, escaping towards her, spread like a wave about the outline of her head, and descended drawn down into the whiteness of her breast.
History is like Quantum Physics, the observer affects the event observed. Is the Kennedy assasination a particle or a wave?
When you are at the bottom of the wave, you hit the bottom.
Suddenly a huge wave came and the boat disappeared.
It's sort of surfing on a magnetic field at the crest of a wave.
The preacher delivered an extra long sermon, so that they were still out of harm's way when the wave struck.
You know, sometimes there's a 10-, 15-minute break out there when you're waiting for a wave to come in.
We don't think another wave is coming right away.
This is the wave, going from left to right. You can see this one.
This applies even if certain features, such as the buttoning or other method of fastening require, in the case of garments above commercial size 86, identification as garments for wear exclusively by girls or by boys.
• Either ready-to-wear or made-to-measure, in all materials (including leather, furs, plastics and rubber), for everyday wear, for sport or for work (same as 03.1.2.1 );
Oh, well, chastity belts go very well with formal wear. I'm serious, s.
This applies even if certain features, such as the buttoning or other method of fastening require, in the case of garments above commercial size 86, identification as garments for wear exclusively by boys or girls.
The wear on his teeth shows that he was in his mid-50s.
Wear on the mandibular teeth suggests she was in her mid-30s...
The originally heavy wear was reduced by reduction of the centrifuging factor to about 190 g, armouring and fitting of guide ribs in the generatrix direction.
A detailed survey of the composition of rock has shown that wear is related to the rock's compressive strength (which determines the force), and also to the nature of the components which make up the rock.
Judging by the wear and tear on that one and assuming he kept a regular shower schedule, I would say that he got it approximately ten days ago.
The wear of test mass 5 was similar in character and extent to test mass 1 and was therefore comparatively high.
Wear on the mandibular teeth suggests an age between approximately 55 and 60 years.
Well, that takes care of the normal wear and tear.
They were identical... the same make, the same amount of wear... but I had never bought a duplicate.
During preliminary tests with a pig iron throughput of 25,000 t so little wear was m easured on this channel mass that no conclusions could be drawn on the geometric shape of the impact point.
Then you're supposed to fax the Fatso Society and ask permission to assign zip codes to each thigh.
Can you imagine what this guy does With a 90210 zip on his business card?
Whoever thought monarchy was dead didn't realize it just changed zip codes.
You know, it's, uh... it's not cheating if you're in different zip codes, right?
All my fingers are numb, I can't undo my zip.
It has long sleeves, with ribbed or elasticated bands, zip fasteners or other tightening elements at the cuffs.
He's not a bit overweight with a zip round his forehead, is he?
It may have a partial or complete opening, provided that this is at the front or on the shoulder, which must be fastened by means of a zip fastener, press-studs or velcro.
That zip goes down one more inch and me and you are going to go toe-to-toe.
61.01 Β IV (continued) — a complete opening at the front fastened by a zip, press-studs or velcro, often covered by a protective flap;
Maybe a zip fastener is what I should have sewn in.
Anoraks have the following features: a hood (sometimes concealed in the collar of the garment ) ; a complete opening at the front fastened by a zip, press-studs or velcro, often covered by a protecti ve flap ;
He wants to get his pants down and Elle just wants it over with... without her zip jamming.
When it has a partial or complete opening at the front, it must be fastened solely by means of a zip fastener.
