Who's that I spy at the forest's edge if not my own dearly beloved with actor in tow!
Gérard Depardieu The internationally famous French actor arrived in Paris at the age of 1 7, and a few years later he received his first training in acting at the Théâtre National Populaire.
My theory is that all the characters are Hamlet. It's all happening in Hamlet's head. So you only need one actor.
Created by the Greek Ministry for Economy and featuring a well-known actor, the film explained how the priorities of Cohesion Policy are achieved in Greece.
- I mean, when we talk about John Smith... - [Man On TVContinues, Indistinct] we're talking about a devoted actor... - who cares desperately about the animals and the monsters he plays.
‘It helps if you know more than one language. You have a little head start on adapting, you can get your mouth around certain words and vowel sounds a little easier,’ observes Danish-American actor Viggo Mortensen.
I liked you as an actor, so you quit. That's it! - I don't know.
The restoration of this castle was undertaken by a vibrant local committee and was ocially opened by the Oscar-winning actor Jeremy Irons who lives locally.
That a mother will be protected and cared for by friends... hardworking friends... and that a fine actor has realized... that true talent is never diminished by the passing years.
Of course, he was more in the classical tradition as an actor.
Do we think that this was a nation-state actor and that there are a limited number of nation-states that have such advanced capacity?
We will also have to recognise that the fishing industry can nolonger be viewed in isolation from the wider maritimeseascape, in which it is one actor among many.
It worked to establish itself as a credible actor on the international scene anda free partner of the United States, ready to share the defence burden, by developing itsown military capability and, at the Commission’s initiative, promoting a Europeandefence equipment policy.
It has increased Europe’s weight in the world and made us a stronger international actor’, he continued, arguing that the candidate and
The media environment is simply too big and too diverse for one integration actor to change.
This enshrines the requirements of the International Atomic Energy Agency Convention on Nuclear Safety and of the Safety Fundamentals, making the EU the first major regional nuclear actor to give binding legal force to these leading international nuclear safety instruments.
The European Security and Defence College (ESDC) met significant training requirements at the strategic level and has become the key training actor, providing Member States and EU institutions with knowledgeable personnel able to work efficiently on all ESDP matters.
As a major actor in life sciences and technologies, Europe has a particular responsibility to help the developing world deal with the risks, challenges and opportunities, and to facilitate the safe and orderly develop ment of these technologies at the global level.
Addressing 21st century security challenges therefore requires global and anticipatory responses, which only an actor the size of the EU can provide.
The African development Bank is also a key actor in the context of the European Union–Africa strategic partnership adopted in 2007.
- Connor this address is going to be very draining for me.
Walter, a televised address to both houses of Congress as soon as it seems decent.
Address by Jacques Santer, President of the Commission, to the European Parliament on the occasion of the investiture debate of the new Commission
If you send someone else to read the pardon address, someone known to the men on that beach, it might work.
And can we still be on the phone for every state of the Union address and every Oscar red carpet coverage and every single viewing of Tootsie?
Address by G.C. Rodriguez Iglesias, Presidentof the Court p. 115
And you need my help to ensure that this address is drawn to win the most converts? Precisely.
Look at me. Okay, remember when Mrs. Salazar made us memorize the Gettysburg address?
Address by Jacques Santer, President of the Commission, to the European Parliament on the occasion of the investiture debate of the new Commission
Address by Romano Prodi, President of the European Commission, 'The state of the Union in 200Γ structed around a vague agreement, fuzzy undertakings and conflicting hidden agendas.
The address, you observe is printed in rough characters.
And Michael Lerman's name, address and phone number in Brenner's file.
As already noted, the principal EU information resource is the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction (EMCDDA) (see Chapter 4 above). Its address Is EMCDDA, Rua da Cruz de Santa Apolónia 23-25, 1100 Lisbon, Portugal.
But we wanted to tell you that Mathild has a new address
For information, contact Teresa Renehan, at the same address.
Address: Bradbury Apartments, Ninth Sector, N.F. 46751.
You should apply for an old age pension by sending the appropriate form to the National Pensions Centre (see Section 11 for the address) or to the regional so cial security centre in the area in which you are em ployed or in which you are resident.
Convicted of tax fraud in 1992, last address Pålsundsgatan 5th
Name and address of charterer of vessel if different from abuvt
- Who's posted the pictures - anon4626penet.se it's an anonymous address.
His power base is back on Earth, where he has Nightwatch and the bulk of our forces.
With regard to those parts of the Schengen acquis that are determined to have legal base in Title VI of the Treaty on European Union, Denmark shall continue to have the same rights and obligations as the other signatories to the Schengen agreements.
Now, information is the real seat of power, and Voulez is just the base of the pyramid.
The maximum amount invested is DKK 2.5 million, which is enough to provide a financial base for launching new projects.
Even though the base of the Parthenon appears straight to the naked eye, it is, in fact, completely crooked.
Here, especially as a consequence of the internal market, it is difficult to determine with accuracy the national base that ultimately bears the tariff.
Knowing that the base of this tank is .083 inches thick,
Secondly, for the very first time we have a legal base for producer associations and trade organisations.
You have to lock the base of the coil into the tiny receptor just below it.
- Base and fog (Dmin) The Dmin should be 0.2 OD.
Like something out of 'Twenty Thousand Leagues under the Sea', an old German submarine base stands in the middle of the French port of Saint-Nazaire.
But that would mean that the base is out here in the Uncharted Territories.
It stated that Europe was both a target and a base forterrorism, and that concerted European action wasindispensable.
Jigsaw 1. Jigsaw 1. This is Cactus Base.
Europe is both a target and a base for such terrorism: European countries are targets and have been attacked.
It's a NATO base, so it's mostly Americans.
The base where you're from and where our Okama Gamesphere is.
The house is the witches' power base, has been for generations.
Before the base drilled their well we didn't have any water problems.
"If the base can't protect us... then we have to protect ourselves."
General, uh, we have taken out the airfields and now have control of the bridge.
Now - this is the bridge, from where I - and only I - control the Lexx.
As I told you, Captain, the ship broke up in the atmosphere, and the bridge went down here.
'Lieutenant Uhura to the bridge.' l better give this tray back.
The bridge is fine. I've called the entire staff.
You are gonna love it. Forty-eight feet, twin diesels... it has what they call a "fly bridge."
That duct system terminates in 30 compartments, only one of which is on the bridge.
If this really is our ship, then this room should be locked into position and behind that door should be the bridge.
Topside we've got the bridge, the minisub, an old chopper and all kinds of radar and sonar and underwater movie gadgets.
I am for the Republic and the Republic is the bridge!
It shows not only the presence of, the number of teeth in, the exact shape of and attachment of the three bridges, the nine-tooth in the upper jaw, the two in the lower, it shows the remarkable shape and attachment of the lingual bar bridge
A bridge must be constructed between workers' and citizens' rights, their Community acquis, and between social and civil rights.
Remember, the bridge's got to go if the attack starts.
On the reverse, there is a bridge, symbolising the close cooperation and communication between the peoples of Europe and between Europe and the rest of the world.
Think that bridge will be there and it will be there.
- “Basil”, he said: “Suppose we make a little bridge to help you get across to your beehives?
You mean that if the alarm is set of, the bridge is gonna blow up?
Every bridge across the Ohio River from Golconda to Metropolis to Cairo needs to be closed down.
The bridge is a metaphor for the close cooperation and communication between the people of Europe and between Europe and the rest of the world .
Ambush and assault on two to three vehicles... five to eight men, and our objective is the safe retrieval of this case.
Oh, there's one little dressing case with some... . With some things I need. May I have that, please?
And this case here, it's exactly like the one you used to bash In Dr. Brady's head.
The killer must have driven her to Lauriston Gardens. He could only keep her case by accident if it was in a car.
So, give me the case, and we'll both be on our way.
Give us the case, Tuliver, or you won't live!
(passenger) As long as the case is delivered, it's worth the risk.
Once we go through, we just need to find that case.
Manuel, would you fetch this gentleman's case from the car outside? Take it to room seven?
Michael, according to my scanners, the case Galt is carrying contains the stolen HXP serum.
My hardships were not so great as you imagined, though such trifling details must never interfere with the investigation of a case.
We have our case, and now we only want our man.
We did so, and at the cost of a severe shock to our client we succeeded in completing our case and driving Stapleton to his destruction.
I have had the advantage of two conversations with Mrs. Stapleton, and the case has now been so entirely cleared up that I am not aware that there is anything which has remained a secret to us.
There is nothing more stimulating than a case where everything goes against you.
"It is evidently a case of extraordinary interest, and one which presented immense opportunities to the scientific expert.
The case is unusual, in that the defendants are charged with crimes committed in the name of the law.
I can assure him that this is not the case in this sector.
What's all wrong? Well, I've been wondering. Suppose you two had met up here this summer and the case of Leopold Dilg hadn't butted in.
In any case it must be clear that there has to be something different and new as compared with what has happened up to now.
This cell is for you alone. Wives are not permitted to live among us.
Seems this cell isn't big enough for the three of us.
Henry, prepare a level-three residential cell for introduction - of a possible bio-hazard.
The way you're going, I should have them reserve you a cell.
This game will take place in a room not much bigger than the room you've spent most of your life in, a prison cell.
mark me. There's a cell in Dongalor's dungeon Set aside for the worm-faced Mandoon.
Good food, nice cell, lots of liquor and the guards are stupider as fuck.
You get me that cell,I'll get you electricity.
You're task is to memorize and locate the clearly marked cell seven. Lucky!
This is an honour, my friend, to be sharing a cell with so illustrious a figure.
A simple vegetable cell with an unmistakable animal nucleus.
This process is very dangerous because a destroyed cell may cause destruction and death of the neighbouring cells due to inflammation.
We believe that the source will continue to be engaged. We have planted a cell within the DST. Why is the DST dealing with this matter?
Thus, a cell may be transformed in such a way that its descendants become cancer cells that cause cancer disease.
But once she's dead every cell in your body is screaming.
So this is DNA replication, it's a process that goes on in every cell in our body when it needs to divide, and sometimes that can happen every couple of hours.
They only need one cell and they can create a new individual. An exact copy.
You have 24 hours to find and eliminate the cell.
If there was a cell remaining, we would have found it.
She used to have Gavin's cell, but now she has to use the payphone at Sunnyvale if she wants to talk.
'But before all that, my first hurdle of the new term involved 'a freezing cold day in January, a coach and Jay calling me a bender.
Ladies and gentlemen, and those in coach... on the left side of the plane... you can see we're approaching fabulous Las Vegas.
There was first class, business class, coach, and then where you put the dogs. That's where we were.
Those staying at the Flamenco, will be fetched by coach at six, Spanish time.
So Bignall had 25 grand snatched from his tight little mitt and the kudos of selling on the new star because he's really into selling kudos this Bignall thinks the coach is more important than the players.
I can't believe a Kiddie League coach would do something like that.
Hey, coach... how will I know if I'm enough?
I am a teacher... ... a coach... ... and a well-loved man. And it is more than enough.
My coach comes up to me and says, 'Mac, how'd you like to meet...
- What is it, Helen? - That man with the discus, the coach seems to be arguing with him.
Mr. Coach, I am a normal average low is opakiem s, who wish to graæ in hockey.
Now, coach pulls me aside, looks me in the eye and says,
West Canaan will go on believing he's the best coach who ever lived.
I got it handled, coach, all right?
But even then the morning cock crew loud... and at the sound it shrank in haste away and vanished from our sight.
From when the cock started crowing to when it stopped so it counted as both days!
Are you gonna wait for the cock to crow three times, like that fool who founded your church?
Love is a dunghill, Betty, and I am but a cock that climbs upon it to crow.
Carrie, Brad Pitt's throbbing cock couldn't help me right now.
You're all shriveled up. No cock could ever get inside you!
He's a pretentious sprocket. -Yes! He's a pretentious sprocket ... with a huge cock!
And I swear, baby, you got the sweetest cock.
Though how he managed to use his little cock to create a couple of... knobheads like you two is beyond me.
Yeah, you were the guy with the cock like a roll of dimes.
Did you see him smacked up and cracked up with his tongue on his chin and his cock in his hand swinging from the rafters like a real RocknRolla?
A naked man with a huge cock just ran past.
I'm looking at her, and I don't realize that I have still got my cock in my hand.
I put this big cock in your mouth and you suck it. You wanna play that game?
Then she writes, "Whatevs," colon, hyphen, closed parenthesis.
— 'E-mail:' (or 'e-mail') with colon
But I'm not one of those brainless dolts who mindlessly reads a teleprompter-er... error 401 backslash backslash colon reset C-drive shutting down.
"R-e-f," then a colon, then "Cordelia."
It's, uh, h-t-t-p, colon, forward slash, forward slash, w-w-w, period, members, period, webplicity custom sites...
Which could mean the colon has ruptured and there's fecal matter floating around that could infect the aortic repair.
I hope Satan has a nice colon because that's where you're going.
And also... curry is a natural laxative which helps flush toxins from the lower digestive tract and well I don't have to tell you that a clean colon is just... one less thing to worry about.
Also, curry's a natural laxative and I don't have to tell you that, you know a clean colon is just one less thing to worry about.
Lewis Scott, NBA All Star and Mike O'Hara, a gym teacher from Charlestown with a spastic colon and a few surprises up his sleeve.
He had kidney tumours no colon, his intestines were eaten away.
Hong Kong was once a British colony a haven for political exiles and revolutionaries
Once Cyprus was turned into a classical colony, all attention was put on controlling the two ethnic communities and ensuring their peaceful co-existence despite the consequences of the "divide and rule" politics of the British Empire.
This agreement is the culmination of fifteen years of diplomatic efforts and comes 23 years after the forced annexation of this former Portuguese colony where hundreds of thousands of people have died as victims of the civil war and of the brutal repression of the Indonesian army.
Once Cyprus was turned into a classical colony, all attention was put on controlling the two ethnic communities and ensuring their peaceful co-existence despite the consequences of the "divide and rule" politics of the British Empire.
Hova, perhaps you didn't notice but we were almost squished today, and the colony is in shambles.
The defeated bull makes his escape, but the colony still suffers from the side-effects of the battle.
Milton knew about Eccles and his plan... to found a colony of witches and turn Willard's Mill into a portal from the Land of Shadows to the Land of Light.
Now just keep them there until the colony is healthy and thriving.
The entire colony, up to 25 bats, fits into a single section of bamboo stem, smaller than a tea cup.
Come on, Z. Help us build a bigger, better colony. And try to be happy about it.
Individually, ants have limited capabilities, but the colony can be viewed as a single, complex organism.
Once we can prove that a permanent colony can exist at this depth, we will conduct research into all areas of marine biology.
This colony in Chongqing province is established in 1996 when a few dozen birds build nests in the bamboo grove(ÖñÁÖ) behind Yanguang village
It's our educated opinion that this new species, it is not a colony of fast dividing single celled organisms... but one larger solitary organism composed of... trillions of identical cooperative cells.
They hired me sight unseen, and the column just took off.
The partnership has led to more informed reporting and editorial decision, a new daily column written by different local people, and improved outreach with readers in harder-to-reach immigrant groups.
In fact, a column written by a woman exclusively for men as a way of getting a peek behind the curtain, what a woman really thinks and feels and wants when it comes to sex.
Men already know what men think, so Bill writing the column would be almost redundant.
And then it became a column in a local music magazine, now defunct, called The Rocket, and he put out a few cassette tapes, and then he put out the Sub Pop 100 compilation record which had different bands from all over the country.
You know, and everybody's always making a big fuss about what I do... just 'cause I have some column.
I thought you were working, I thought you had a column due.
In no time at all, the dog is famous. Has his own column, saved Huey's neck 100 times.
I got 20 minutes to file this column, and I gotta-
When we came in, this column was on the left, so we keep it to the right.
This chamber dates back to Byzantium and as our seat of powers moved over the centuries so too has each brick or each column.
And the column smashes your line, like a hammer breaking glass, and Napoleon has won another battle.
Everyone thinks the Bastille column was made for the 1789 revolution.
Presidency of the Court and constitution of the Chambers (Articles 7 to 11) . . . . . . . . . . .
Officials — Automatic retirement — Constitution of and work carried out by the Invalidity Committee — Articles 53 and 59(2) of the Staff Regulations — notification of the Decision (Third Chamber)
Supervision by a higher authority is intended to assist the foundation in exercising its right to exist and to ensure that its constitution and operation are legal.
Constitution of the Chambers and designation of Judge-Rapporteurs and Advocates General (Articles 10 to 19) .................... .................... ....................
With the signing of the constitution tomorrow morning, democracy in Wadiya is just hours away, and people are in the streets celebrating.
This constitution, dating from the 1920s, reflected a compromise between the socialist and conservative camps that have to this day a decisive influence on political life in Austria.
My religion and what I believe in is called the Constitution of the United States of America.
In the case of Sweden, the requirements of the Constitution will prevent adoption of the government's proposals before late 1998, and there remain some incompatibilities between the present draft laws and the Treaty.
The Constitution is a wonderful thing, Karen, but back in the days of the Founding Fathers, the weapon at hand was a single-shot musket.
This Constitution did not remain in effect for a very long time, however, being revoked after the political changes of 1935.
Constitution could potentially be rendered invalid, - and what we would have is a new North American business law - that would trump what we have here in the United States.
The Constitution of 1922, as revised, is acknowledged to be the supreme law.
You may be a superhero, but let me tell you this: You're not nearly as strong as the U.S. Constitution.
These parties were responsible for restoring democracy after the Second World War when the monarchy was abolished in a referendum and a new Constitution adopted in 1948 that turned Italy into a republic.
- Hey. A cross between Sarah Michelle Gellar and Janeane Garofalo, it's too good to be true.
Your genetic code is a cross between the DNA of your mother Miranda Vigo and your father Jean-Luc Picard.
Two of my best year-olds and the cross... that bull I been planning on.
Ah. Roland is like a copernican cross between Dan Brown and Scott Turow.
He's like a cross between Bill Cosby and Richard Pryor.
But when the flesh lusts against the spirit and the spirit against the flesh, the rational soul is supported by the cross of Christ.
- She's lying... that cross is her mark!
Nazis, like Adolf Hitler and Germany and that weird cross thing they had to wear.
Some eight weeks ago he told me that certain missives might arrive from East Central marked by a cross under the stamp.
For nearly a century they did not suffer a single defeat unless the cross was not present.
Red cross found her, but she didn't come back the same.
"This cross is a symbol of Ivan's almighty power... and it will pass down through the generations... until there comes a time when he will be made ? esh again... and save the souls of all.
Legend has it that the cross is constructed of wood taken from the flagship of the Spanish conquistador, Cortés.
Not mine. If you ask me a cross that size is for a lord with a tiny dick.
Soon that humble cross is destined to replace the proud eagles that now top the victorious Roman standards.
The colossal empire of the East he is mature for the dissolution, e the end of the domination it mistreats in Russia it will be also the end of Russia while State.
At the height of her career, the Chanel empire employed 3 500 people and included a fashion house, a textile business and perfume laboratories.
An empire which I willingly participated in And witnessed first-Hand.
Then you have to ask yourself, well, if it's an empire, then who is the emperor?
However, the empire of Khan the West is as rich as nothing. But we are organizing the form to return to go.
The Empire doesn't consider a small, one-man fighter to be any threat... or they'd have a tighter defense.
If universal empire is to be the pursuit of France, what can tend to defeat their purpose better than to detach South America from Spain?
This is just one of the many little activities that Jennings uses to finance Aegis-1 and the rest of his dog-shit empire.
The empire of the bull seemed invincible... as the fifth sacrifice drew near.
In the age of gods and spirits... the known world was ruled by a dark empire... from their island palace of Minos.
Five centuries before Columbus discovered America, there was a German empire at the heart of Europe.
Pity you won't be able to share my greatest triumph... the forcing of an empire to its knees.
Under Prussian hegemony, a North German Confederation was then established (1866-71) before the founding, in 1871, of the German Empire as a kleindeutsch confederation including the southern German states, but not Austria.
If this continues, Lord Yu's empire will fall.
We have ordered our government to communicate to the U. S., Great Britain, China, and the Soviet Union, that our empire accepts the provisions of theirjoint declaration...
It is a revolutionary movement and we will turn the empire into a spiritual republic.
At 6:15 a.m. local time... the United States Pacific Fleet was attacked at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii... by the empire of Japan.
The practice of there being a defacto national quota for senior staff appointments in the Commission must end.
Your mission, should you decide to accept it, is to get the syndicate's records, which are kept at Wayne's country estate, and see that they are turned over to the proper authorities. And put an end to Frank Wayne and his organisation.
The special instruments to achieve this end are the funds with a structural purpose (ERDF, ESF and EAGGF) and the European Investment Bank (EIB), but the EAGGF Guidance Section is the most active in the field of agricultural structural policy.
(c) at the end of the second sentence of the first subparagraph of paragraph 3, the words ‘, which shall be negotiated and concluded in accordance with Article 300’ shall be deleted.
But when the end does come, I want you to write about me, "Exit Laughing."
Probationary officials Noneslablishmcnt al the end of the probationary period Articles 26,34 and 43 of the Staff Regulations Rights of ihe defence Insufficient statement ol" reasons Duty to have regard for the welfare of officials Manifest error of assessment
She struggles... and it is the end of poor, foolish... beautiful, gullible Arlena Marshall.
This will be the end of the large conglomerates, which must effectively embark upon a process of dismantling, of which we will have to take advantage.
When it seems natural to you, it'll be the end.
(as a percentage of total debt securities issued by general government; end of period)
The end state is a humble competent force occupying this area, ensuring security and mutual trust between us and the local populace.
After years of effort,its four freedoms — the freedom of movement across internal EU frontiers of people, goods, services and money — wereput in place by 1993. This was the beginning, not the end, of a process.
Look, we have both had to do things we're not happy about, but the end goal-- getting our power back-- that hasn't changed.
I do not believe that competition is an end in itself.
Young lady, I come from a time when men achieve power and wealth by standing on the backs of the poor where prejudice and intolerance are commonplace and power is an end unto itself and you're telling me that isn't how it is anymore?
To that end, the Commission proposed significant amounts of aid for all the central and east European applicants.
Great, anything more in the manuscript that might suggest what Jones' end game is?
To this end, each Member State will fix a target for aaive measures involving education, training or similar measures offered to the unemployed thereby aiming at gradually achieving the average of the three most advanced Member States, and at least 20 per cent.
I think you know,Cardinal Sforza,that Cardinal Della Rovere has but one end in view:
These partnerships are a means and not an end.
I just think it's a striking expression of love's ability to persevere within the cracks and cogs of inhuman systems.
Finally, Mr Christodoulou, the expression 'inopportune pressure' seems to be unnecessarily provocative and I am astonished that a former eminent governor of a central bank should give in to such temptation.
Chloe's knee-deep in these situations that... pardon the expression, but humans just don't understand.
The EOMwas a concrete expression of the EU's efforts to support the consolidation of democracy in Kenya.
You're a drifter, pardon the expression, a junkie.
The expression ‘working conditions’ is to be understood in the sense of Article 156 of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.
It is a heartfelt expression of my true desire to protect my mahogany noggin.
Another amendment to achieve simplification, which I do not think the Commissioner has before him because only the Spanish version is concerned, is Amendment No 1, which replaces the expression 'public telecommunication services' by 'accessible telecommunication services'.
The expression "You can't lock up the barn after the horses are gone" was a favorite of a woman who meant a great deal to me, even after she was trampled.
However, as the use of the expression 'in particular' in paragraph 38 of Von Deetzen II suggests, those are not the only transactions capable of favouring the potential beneficiary in the sense indicated by the Court in that judgment.
An expression of irresolution passed for an instant over her face, but her eyes had hardened again when she answered me.
My father would have known that, then... wow. He'd still be dead, but with a different expression on his face.
She said she was gonna go up west and wear white gloves and a touch-me-not expression. She probably thought she could look like you.
Then shut up and wipe that stupid-looking thing... which you probably think is some kind of charming expression... right off your face, boy.
The reason I'm bringing this up is, uh... because you have the same kind of expression on your face that he did.
Do you have any idea how unattractive the expression on your face is right now?
That's the expression he had in '91.
Now, notice the vacant eyes, the pale, queasy expression, suggesting nausea. What do these mean?
Did any of you see a guy with glasses with a sneery expression on his face?
She died very young and one night her portrait suddenly changed its expression.
He's nothing but a squashed fly on my hoof, sí?
- Hey, hey, hey, Mr. White. All right, I understand that the fly is a serious thing now. All right?
You know how when a fly gets caught in a spider's web, things stick to you?
That was the first time the fly farted without losing it's behind as my mother used to say.
He noted to himself it was the sixth fly he'd caught this evening.
Look at that little fly stopped there, as well.
Grandpa, you think a fly could ever go to the moon?
Oh, and then, one time, this fly went down my throat, and it was buzzing all the way down.
We don't want to be like a dead fly, regretting what we didn't do in our short time on this earth.
It made that sound like when there's a fly stuck in it and then it flickered.
Coming out with your fly down might strike the wrong note.
I'll afknappen- - So you do not come to the academy with open fly.
And then the one and only time that I take him to court with me, his fly was down, and he called the judge "Your Owner."
Mr. Jacobs' wristwatch is nine minutes slow and his fly is three-quarters down.
You have this fundamentally unsound system built on a foundation of sand instead of bedrock.
9–10 December The Maastricht European Council adopts a Treaty on European Union, laying the foundation for a common foreign and security policy, closer cooperation on justice and home affairs and the creation of an economic and monetary union, including a single currency.
Your Honour, I'm asking for two days, at which point we will present evidence including a sealed document with testimony that is the foundation of our case.
The recognition of common interests between community groups and estate owners has been the foundation of the ongoing development of social and economic growth enterprises.
My dad says third grade is the foundation of my education.
Commitments and cooperation in this area shall be consistent with commitments under the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation, which, for those States which are members of it, remains the foundation of their collective defence and the forum for its implementation.’.
All we need to do is create a foundation... to build on.
Scientific and technical information is all the more rewarding when built on a solid foundation of scientific education acquired at school.
The most famous of these relationships is the reef-forming corals, which provide the foundation of the sea's most dazzling ecosystem.
The solid, competitive industrial foundation thus created also creates the preconditions for success in the service sector.
...but you can imagine how disappointed the people at the foundation are that we kept them in the dark too.
As a body which acts as a depository for Europe-wide information the Foundation can make a vital contribution to an effective and internationally coordinated environment policy at local level.
But the real winner is the ORCAS Foundation with a grand total of $32,000!
The Foundation also developed its cooperation with the European Union institutions, and devised new means of raising the standard of debate and exchange of information with the various key target audiences.
The foundation finally succeeded and did receive thousands of pages of documents.
In Finland, for instance, a private foundation has set up a support system whereby voluntary organizations receive liquid capital advance payments for approved projects to
In this context, it may be useful to reflect on whether the Bilbao Agency in particular, or the Dublin Foundation, could take over some of the essential components of the SAFE programme.
As someone once said... should you or one of your people... be caught or captured... the Foundation will disavow any knowledge of your activities.
By 1977, the Foundation had granted 6 806 scholarships totalling Belgian Francs 56 million (1977 General Report, p. 148).
The McGill Foundation would be really honored if you would represent us at Oxford University next year.
- That perfectly holds my sniper rifle and 245, and a gag for irritating talkative little girls like you.
But then he'd have to get back in, close the garage doors behind him, make sure that Brewster was dead, take off the gag, untie the ropes, and then find his way back out of the doors again.
Now, for you to drink, I need to take off the gag.
I get Happy down here, ball gag takes on a whole new meaning.
Yes. Now, um... due to, uh... this gag order, I am not at liberty to discuss the terms of the judgment, but suffice to say... we are pretty happy today.
He told me I'd look good with a ball gag in my mouth last week. - Ari.
Maybe this is just a gag like those school fraternities were throwing last year.
In the beginning, it was okay because it was part of a gag, you know?
It sounded like a great gag. And it was until Skalle stole it.
Or, is the virus a gag that does nothing? Why panic?
- The running gag in the fraternity is that we'll get right on - ... that New World Order takeover plan - just as soon as we can schedule The New World Order takeover plan and fishfry.
- Say, what is this, a gag?
A running gag unaccompanied by laughter, Your Honor.
I mean, I'll go to the office and tell them all it's a gag.
Josef Varsh, Public Prosecutor and head of his country's secret police, is one of the most dangerous men in Eastern Europe.
You take orders from Prince, and why the head of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms should tell the President of the United States what to do is beyond me.
Only K'mpec, the head of the Council has been able to maintain the peace.
Φ Head of the Belgian Delegation in the EPP-ED Group (1999).
I'm afraid when your father's the head of a country, that's the way it is.
Speaking about the EU’s Baltic Sea Strategy, Colin Wolfe, DG REGIO’s head of territorial co-operation, summed up the feeling on the stage, “Cohesion is about overcoming distance, division and inequality.”
I'm head of the christian plumbers association in waukegan, and i don't have that kind of lust in my heart.
Φ Head of the Institute for Agricultural Development and Reform (IRYDA), Extremadura (19551980).
Ladies and gentlemen, the head of MegaRecords... and the host of your party, Fiona.
Φ Adviser to Mr Bayrou, Minister for Education, Higher Education and Research, then head of his office (1993-1997).
"Poor Pinocchio, I am sorry for you." "Why?" "Because you are a marionette and, what is much worse, you have a wooden head."
Holmes had sprung to his feet, and I saw his dark, athletic outline at the door of the hut, his shoulders stooping, his head thrust forward, his face peering into the darkness.
- He's got a big square head with three eyes.
I just heard that a young girl fell head first into a fifty-foot well.
Finally, on 10 December, it proposed a ban on the use of materials involving a specific risk in connection with transmissible spongiform encephalopathies (the head, the spinal chord, spleen and vertebrae) for the manufacture of foodstuffs and animal feed.
What with, your galoshes? The solicitor whose head is as well-arranged as his desk. - I want to talk now!
but the woman's head got stuck in it's throat so that the animal choked.
The eligible quantities shall be expressed in whole equivalent (gutted with head).
You with your head of a bull and heart of a hawk! You think there'll be any "afterwards", from this bridge?
You have to split the head with an ax... or pierce it with a bar.
The law is upon his side, and every day I am faced by the possibility that he may force me to live with him.
I intend to kill Tom Chaney with it if the law fails.
Legal profession and Community law (Robert Schuman Project), p. 262
...which we have chosen for our city, Law and Order is the expression of an ideal by which I've lived, well, long before I came to settle here with you.
Current law prohibits patents on methods for the treatment of the human body by surgery or therapy and diagnostic methods practised on the human body.
Roman law, architecture, literature are the glory of the human race.
There are also the various national laws: in France, for example, there is the Law of 29 July 1994.
It'll be a greater punishment than any the law can give you.
But, of course, I find it even more remarkable that while we talk about Union citizenship we also talk about Community law.
Law is the manifest will of the people... the conscious rule of the community.
What will the law think when they find two different bullets in the same body?
The law were genuine. You can't imitate coppers as good as that.
I'm the law. I ain't gotta do nothin'.
When the law comes, it'll be you and your family.
The law hasn't kept up with the technology.
My defences are reinforced so the full force of the law can crash down and be rebuffed at will.
He claimed if you play for keeps and the law's coming, it's okay to kill.
With nearly 80% of precincts reporting, Republican candidate, Wally Sheridan, appears to hold an insurmountable lead.
In the midst of the intensely acrimonious climate in Turkish society fomented by the Turkish lead ership over the Ocalan extradition, the Turkish authorities have proceeded to arrest more than 3000 members of the legal Kurdish party, HADEP, many of whom have been assaulted.
New Haven scores again, giving them a 26-14 lead.
Since his announcement 11 months ago, Norris has had a significant lead ...
Nothing. We take the power play. We get a nice, big, fat lead, and then and only then do I unleash the hounds.
I had a hundredth-of-a-point lead, and now I'm a hundredth behind.
It started with him playing Boobie when we had a big lead.
Meanwhile, Republican candidate Jack swofford's lead has jumped to a 24-point margin, according to an overnight CNN poll of registered voters.
I was much more of a band chick, actually... tuba... lead tuba... honor band.
This is it, Darrell. One lap to go and Lightning McQueen has a huge lead.
Uh, a voodoo doll is symbolic of a person. And lead can be transformed into gold because it is already similar.
Bearing in mind that cars eventually have to be scrapped, environmentally unfriendly materials such as lead, mercury, chromium and cadmium should be eliminated, that much is patently clear.
When I'm bending those steel bars or I got a stack of three acrobats standing on my head, it hurts like hot lead in my fingers and shoulders. Most people can't take the pain.
Traffic network impacts are concentrated in valleys where people live: thus in the Alpine region there are severe impacts from traffic noise and pollution, particularly from ozone and lead.
Because half of these toys are made in countries Where lead is a food group.
But you, O meagre lead, which rather threatenest than dost promise aught, your paleness moves me more... than eloquence.
Pathogenic substances contained in food: e.g. dioxin,mercury, lead and other heavy metals, agrochemical residuesand other contaminants
If we were closer in our oceans would boil away and the ground would be hot enough to melt lead.
Not much to look at, but smelt this down and burn off the lead impurities, and you're left holding a nugget of top-grade 24-karat silver.
Against this background, the Commission proposes new maximum limits of undesirable substances (such as arsenic, lead, fluorine, nitrites and a series of other products such as aflatoxin Bl) in animal nutrition: COM(99) 654 fin.
Imagine that every book, every magazine, every newspaper, every TV show, every movie, was telling you, "You should be homosexual."
Fishing in Europe is a magazine published by the Directorate-General for Fisheries of the European Commission.
And that magazine with "The Little Dog Laughing" in it, you wouldn't happen to have a spare copy?
Fisheries and aquaculture in Europe is a magazine published by the Directorate-General for Fisheries and Maritime Affairs of the European Commission.
The endorsements were immediately picked up by the media, and within days, Thierry was being interviewed by the editor of the city's biggest listings magazine,
Fisheries and aquaculture in Europe is a magazine published by the Directorate-General for Maritime Affairs and Fisheries of the European Commission.
Fishing in Europe ¡s a magazine published by the Directorate-General for Fisheries of the European Commission.
When using external information, it is important to identify the source - company,year,report or publication title, magazine, issue.
Fishing in Europe is a magazine published by the Directorate-General for Fisheries and Maritime Affairs of the European Commission.
The Austrian Integration Fund’s quarterly thematic magazine, Integration im Fokus, is an accessible source of information particularly directed at journalists and key communicators like politicians and educators.
Snap off the back. You've got your barrel, your trigger, magazine.
It can be held with one hand by a lone driver, it has a large magazine, and in the hands of a marksman, it's quite accurate at close range.
Take the magazine out, pull the slide back, take it to the unlocked position.
When you load the magazine, you wind it up, otherwise the pellets won't feed into the gun.
The magazine isn't full. One round 's gone. It was Nico who copped it.
The liberty of any person to own a military-style assault weapon and a high capacity magazine and keep them in their home is second to the right of my son to his life.
Tenifer matte finish, polymer grip, 4.5-inch barrel, 22 oz and a 10-round magazine.
Take out the parts, assemble the UPS, load the magazine, and shoot at the target.
39cm long, weighing 16kg with a six-round magazine.
I came up, there were four of them lying there, rattling. Then 5 wanted to be in on it, so he emptied a magazine under the log.
Emphasis is on costeffective efforts aimed at bringing together key players and building early critical mass in strategic areas, in cooperation with relevant international initiatives and bodies.
(thinking) It washed up on the beach in Santa Monica, a swollen tangled mass in seaweed.
It offers a good opportunity to reach the critical mass of 40% in the forthcoming elections, matching the level of Scandinavian parliaments.
Each of its edges measures 107 metres. Mass is about 11,000 metric tonnes.
The need to achieve sucient critical mass to obtain desired results can see the whole become greater than the sum of the parts.
It can be the same amount of mass of mont Everest coming out from the Sun and flying out into the space.
The territory should be big enough in size to reach a critical mass for developing projects which can impact on the area’s future, including its environmental, social and economic conditions.
Water made from this type of hydrogen atom, double the mass of the smallest hydrogen atom, is heavy water, which actually has a higher density than ordinary water.
A black hole forms when a large star... One, say, 20 times the mass of our sun... Comes to the end of its life.
This move is likely to continue, given that the attainment of a critical mass achieved as a result of cooperation of SMEs or concentration, the globalization of markets and the relative saturation of domestic markets encourage operators to internationalize.
I sincerely believe that Our Lord Jesus Christ guided me in what was the most important mass of my life.
Black Mass. This minor masterpiece of the '90s action oeuvre laid the groundwork for such films as Tarantino's Reservoir Dogs Fincher's Se7en.
Tell him to prepare a special Mass in the Chapel Royal, to give thanks to God for my son and for my wife.
Steve. Unverified account that a body has been found. It's believed to be the body of Sean Walker, who burst on the scene with the cult classic Black Mass and continued to break all box office records with his stream of hit films.
Onward. At the culmination of mass, a mechanical dove, the Colombina, is flown from the altar on a wire. Out into the public square it soars, ignites a cart full of fireworks.
This is always a special Mass for me as I look upon our new deacons as they prepare to go into the world with Christ's message.
Now, you pick any subject: literature, medicine, art and I give you the name of a Greek genius.
If you know where medicine's going to be in five years, say, well, then, the rewards would just be there for the taking, wouldn't they?
In some countries, conventional and nonconventional medicine are simply being integrated.
To me, music and medicine, all go together. It's like two planets revolving around the same sun. So bong-bong.
Treatment staff are often not trained to deal with comorbid clients, since their training usually is specialised (medicine, psychology, social work, etc.).
Either modern medicine's working or I took the world's best placebo.
It is a oneyear programme and covers international humanitarian law, administrationlogistic, geopolitics, anthropology and medicine, and epidemiology.
I realize Western medicine isn't offering you many alternatives, Frank, but all that holistic crap will kill you faster.
In addition to the above mentioned project types, Regional Cooperation projects are eligible for funding, in particular in the areas of regional economic development, culture and regional integration, environment, agriculture, medicine and health care, and for networking projects.
Birding's my passion, like medicine is for you.
A medicine is the best thing that ever met me is a.
The percentage paid by the State depends on the classification of each particular medicine in one of three scales and ranges from 40 to 100%.
the "Foodament" is a food which would also be a medicine.
Another suggestion would introduce an obligation for companiesto perform paediatric studies as amarketing authorisation requirement, unless the medicine isunlikely to be used for children.
At this point, a good stiff drink is the only medicine what are you gonna do?
USEalternative medicine (2841)honour (2826)hooliganism (2826) health care centre
Finally, the client is put in the capsule where he will remain until medicine can reanimate him.
Antibiotics are the most important and often the only medicine we have for curing bacterial diseases.
It tells to me that the Peyton medicine that Jacob Tanios gave to Emily Arundel...
Biotechnological inventions help people, not only in medicine but in other areas too.
But gross is much larger than net, and with the licensing deal you'll get a piece of every single unit sold.
- — — Of a kind used for human consumption, in immediate packings of a net content not exceeding 28 kg, either fresh and whole or without skin and frozen, whether or not sliced
Thus, Seoul Bank, Korea Development Bank, Korea First Bank and Hana Bank have expressly refused to provide a bank guarantee for suspension of payment of the fine, citing the applicant's net debt ratio.
— — — Of a kind used for human consumption in immediate packings of a net content not exceeding 28 kg, cither fresh and whole or without skin and frozen, whether or not sliced
Other claims within the Eurosystem (net)This item consists of the TARGET balances ofthe euro area NCBs vis-à-vis the ECB andamounts due in respect of the interimdistributions of the ECB’s income derived frombanknotes.
The maximum rate of aid intensity, forall the forms of aid taken together, will be restricted to 26% net of investment in the case of newbusinesses.
— — Pellets of flour and meal Other — — — Of a kind used for human consumption in immediate packings of a net ex 0714 10 91 content not exceeding 28 kg, either fresh and whole or without skin and frozen, whether or not sliced
However, account will be taken of all factors making it possible to assess the real (net) advantage to the recipient.
Value added i.e. the balancing item, may be calculated either before or after consumption of fixed capital (gross or net value added).
Other claims within the Eurosystem (net)This item consists of the TARGET balances of the euro area NCBs vis-à-vis the ECB and amounts due in respect of the interim distributions of the ECB’s income derived frombanknotes.
It's okay. The fence on the ocean side is titanium. And it gives, so it works just like a net.
What changed everything is the invention of the deep sea trawl, a large net with a funnel-shaped opening like the mouth of the whale shark.
What you gonna do with a fucking net and a racket and we ain't got no yard.
When the net is placedunder tension, the mesh closes and small fish cannot escape.
And yours, son, is the most important mission. Drop that net on any punk that gets near our front door.
When the net is over the tree, get in there fast, and get those monkeys before they get away.
In Ireland,the EUR 12.7 million equity injection intended to reconfigure the network in a way which will ensure itssustainability is clearly lower than the net extra cost of delivering public services through the uneconomicpart of the network which the government has committed itself to maintaining open.
And before you run through the alphabet soup, this net is being cast strictly over NCIS.
There was a tennis court, or rather the ghost of a tennis court, with faded markings and a sagging net.
Now, so far, the only person that seems to understand what that little circular thingy is, you know, with the little net on it is Connor here.
Six bucks and my right nut says we're not landing in Chicago.
I think he's hot. Tiff Peedle told me he only has one nut.
And I looked down and my left nut is the size of an Easter egg.
- Oh, so that's Gaelic for "goats nut. "
We could replace the whole door, but just a nut'll do it.
He went overboard like that. The nut dropped in the water.
We repaired the valve stem seal, and now all that remains is to tighten down this packing nut. And... that should do it. Can we help you?
As soon as I get this last nut out, Augie, it should be free.
This guy Duke is a tough nut, but I know just how to crack it.
I'm not an emotional man, but sometimes even the toughest nut must crack.
They all weren't versed in Lung Fu But I'll be a tough nut to crack
She's a tough little nut to crack. But when you break through her shell, she's all sweet meat.
He'll be a tough nut - to crack, Your Eminence. - Yeah.
"But then again, I'm a religious nut, and my mind is closed to so many things."
This nut accurately represents the brain of Man, and these fruits his body.
Oh, he's a tough nut to crack, but I'm gonna bust...
This is a tough nut, but I want to prove Sergeant Batista wrong. I can do this.
Klaus once told me that his painting was a metaphor for control, for achieving his vision through sheer force of will.
One that's gonna get us out of debt faster than sharing the rent and painting signs.
He'd just get lost painting, or not want to stop if it was going well.
It would appear that painting is... beneficial... perhaps even necessary for this patient's well-being.
There's you and there's the painting... you need!
- And painting repetitious rows of smiling part-time soldiers is boring and certainly bad for the eyes.
rene... have you any idea what has become of the painting of the fallen madonna, with the big things that i cannot mention in church?
If that painting meant so much to him, why destroy it?
(b) simple operations consisting of removal of dust, sifting or screening, sorting, classifying, matching (including the making-up of sets of articles), washing, painting, cutting up;
If there was a painting or a drawing hidden somewhere, it was probably destroyed in the fire.
This painting was intended for someone else... But I like you. I guess I recognized something in you.
There, I had a painting of a naked chick holding a plant.
It covers, for example, the replacement of fast-wearing components of capital goods, external and internal painting, etc.
That's the worst fucking painting I've ever seen in my life.
Occupations with high exposures to noise and to dangerous substances or vibrations are printing, painting, boat building, construction, manufacturing, chemicals, petroleum, leather products ahd furniture making, agriculture and mining.
A painting is always quite moral when it is tragic and it presents the horror of the things it depicts. Barbey d'Aurevilly.
but i do have to say... this knife of yours... it's an exquisite piece.
And the piece, my car got broken into a couple of times at the frat house, so ralph gave it to me.
I got a piece right in my sock... waste all them guinea motherfuckers.
If you wanna create the illusion of safety, then one piece is plenty.
That's what he said. "Interest the tweaker's kid in the piece." Ask the kid!
We will put shiny-ass rims on any piece of shit car in the world.
Another one catches blowback from a jammed piece. He's temporarily blinded.
You, toss me that piece, and he won't waste him.
I'm talking to that pussy With the piece, you should fear me
The piece doesn't fit, that's the problem.
Tom Van Allen is nothing short of dazzling in his interpretation of Miles Davis' haunting, moody piece.
I don't think the piece on the radio that night was the Marseillaise.
This piece is very complicated, but not half as complicated as the formations will be.
He's just a part, a piece, a pixel, a pawn of no importance.
And despite the rather unfortunate shape it's in, this is actually a very unusual piece.
It's the easiest piece out of the four, and we're about challenge.
This is the part I was talking about, check out the piece ***.
Yeah, I'm just saying... It's the one piece that reminds me of the very moment I wanted to be an astrophysicist.
It's just a useless piece of junk that won't work by itself.
You don't have to do anything but sit with your back up against the far wall, let me open that door, put the plate down and leave.
That beautiful plate Aunt Settimia took from that restaurant in Rome. It's gone.
Pick up that plate, take it into the kitchen and put it into the refrigerator.
And then that plate went all the way round And back to Jesus and it'd still got the fish and the loaves on it.
You are going to be the same novice, while I have my plate.
I mean,I guess there's a part of you that wants to see how hot the plate really is.
Come on if you don't clean your plate you won't get any desert
She got to be butt naked on a zebra with a big bone in her nose and a big plate lip and a big, fucked-up Afro!
Everyone wants a slice, so the plate remains empty.
This plate has been here so long, the salmon is turning into Salmonella.
Oh, my God... multiple tickets, handicapped spot, parked by a hydrant, incomprehensible vanity plate.
Vukovich, suspect driving a black Mustang... partial plate ...: 6KC3 .nlssues a search warrant.
You've seen them-- you run the light and it automatically takes pictures of the car, whoever's driving, the license plate...
Trace that plate for me, Or I'm telling your mom you're being mean.
Two uniforms just pulled over the other SUV with the partial plate match.
Why is that motherfucker wearing the fucking plate number I had all week?
Seems to help them sell better. It's a corker of a plot, only I've got myself into a bit of a stew with the ending.
And if this were one of your books, Mr. Castle, wouldn't you find the plot a little hard to swallow?
Merely a malfunction, old data. This is the most absurd plot we've yet heard in the story of film, and yet, the movie charms, in part because it draws richly from film history.
A plot that might have come to pass had he not been caught on camera screwing the wife of the man who hatched it, i.e. Alderman Ross.
Yeah, I assume this is the part where I'm supposed to laugh maniacally and regale your Majesty with the details of some diabolical plot.
- Mother. She was recounting the plot of The Priest Confesses... but she seemed to have it all mixed up.
If I stay here the plot can't move forward, the story ends.
Getting a letter from the emperor saying that he's visiting is plot.
He said, 'before this, if one was thinking over the idea of a film on, say, a strike, one would immediately invent a plot.
Now, we try to convince ourselves... that this little movie we call life has a plot.
Mia... Take the damn plot and sell it to the highest bidder.
All I knew, it was a 40-acre plot salvage yard for vehicles.
After the war, you got a plot and a blueprint for a type house.
While the plot would be collateral for the loan, - you still have income.
Xanax to take the edge off, pot to mellow me out, cocaine to wake me back up again and morphine, well, because it's awesome.
The pot is totally i-o-nized, so it don't reek at all.
I saw Mrs. Florrick being talked to by two policemen, and then I overheard the detective mention pot and Zach Florrick, and that's what I repeated when asked.
Listen, what setting do you think is best for drying pot that's been in a swimming-pool?
God, it's such a stupid word, pot.
I told you, there's a guy in there who knows where the pot is.
These, uh, bales of pot, they have that red Johnny Chimpo sticker on them.
Between the bikes and the pot... the fact that I'm mostly Irish, and we were throwing Toffifays at people.
I know where the pot is, and if you let us go get it, we'll bring it right back, I swear.
And you, you have all of this pot that belongs to fucking... assholes.
It's actually a tree. And over the next two weeks the roots are gonna get so strong that they're gonna break the ceramic pot onless I re-plant it with enough room to grow.
Put the pot in the sun, and keep the soil moist until the seeds sprout.
Excavations indicate that these balls were a woman's breasts and pot woman - Over the years their meaning has been lost and there are pots that have the balls.
Sent into the next world with nothing but a little pot and a couple of bead necklaces.
Besides, McKeane's the only one who knows the location of where the pot came from.
Looks like we're gonna have to go through every drawer, bin and plant pot.
Fourth pot, third table, fifth row. Four, five, three.
Day 47. The "defiant pupil" has been present for 16 days.
Local knowledge exchange networks are spreading across Europe — in France, Germany, Austria, Belgium, Spain and Switzerland — enabling people to share skills and train themselves by 'exchanging knowledge', everyone taking their turn to be first teacher, then pupil.
We're just delighted that we've produced such a talented pupil.
The teacher’s role is to arouse interest,provide stimulation, encouragement, advice, guidance, evaluationand correction rather than simply to pass on knowledge from a‘transmitter’, the teacher, to a ‘receiver’, the pupil.
You yourself are the teacher and the pupil, you're the master, you're the guru, you are the leader, you are everything!
And then, just as the pupil is about to give up, the teachings coalesce.
These 24 months of learning are broken up into 4 periods: 6 months ofpractice on a vessel (one pupil per vessel) and22 weeks of theoretical courses at the school,in the first year.
You were a fan... and a follower... and then a pupil... and then you were a roommate.
The hunt for the kidnapper of the Brabourne teenagers... took an unexpected turn today, as it was announced that police have arrested a pupil from the school.
Were I fortunate enough to be Miss Prism's pupil... I would hang upon her lips.
Unequal breath sounds, right pupil is dilated, and she's ready for x-ray.
In bright iridescence you wear a dark pupil, because dark is all as light with trepidation longs for.
Then his ICP went through the roof and he blew a pupil.
But if you must, precision is key, oh dilated pupil.
Most of the animals display something called the "defiant pupil."
When we stare directly into light, our pupil contracts, keeping too much light from blinding us.
Register seven is now open for business, just like Elsa Gardner's vagina.
The safe and the cash register were both emptied, And all the victims' valuables were missing, too.
Tell them 'Empty the register,' they don't know what you mean.
I got to work the cash-only line for the first time in a month, and my register came out to the penny.
She said, "Empty the register, or I'll blow your head right off."
Now, you clock in, employee number, password and the register's yours.
Open the register and give me the fucking money now!
Now, you open that register and you give me the money right now.
Six years ago, he walks into Pocum's Amy Wilson's on the register.
In any case, this register may seem formal and a bit affected and even bourgeois.
The register would be copied and stored at intervals, perhaps but not necessarily at the end of each year.
The aim is also to create a unique register for all geographical indications (for wines, spirits and agricultural products and foodstuffs) while preserving the specificities of each system.
The register has been accessible to the public since 22 December via the Europa Internet server (7) and enables anyone interested toconsult the various types of documents destined for the committees.
Register on the EMCDDA home page for updates on new products.
The government favours the creation of a register of flags of convenience based on reliable criteria.
And in May the Parliament and Commission relaunched work towards a common register and code of conduct for lobbyists.
This register in which the captain of a vessel notes all data concerning quantities and zones of catches still exists in paper form.
However, considering all construction sites as local units would result in a vast register of very short-lived units (from less than a month, for example, in the case of most repair work, to about a year for most housing or factory building sites).
The Council decided that a register of its unclassified documents should be made available to the public via the Internet, using the Europa server.
You think I forgot that certain night in 1997 when a certain 17-year-old told her Dad that she was going to the mall with Marsha Ford? Her Dad bumps into her on Navy Pier in the company of a bum with a ring in his nose.
Ltd produce ring binder mechanisms in the People's Republic of China.
'When the ring docks with the sub, it uses the huge pressures deep under water to create an unbreakable seal.
Each ring in turn is composed of several finger-thick, 18-centimetre-wide sheet steel strips each sculpted to fit the twisting design.
This is a ring that my mother had given me.
We just called the father of the Fighting Falcon because he has a ring around the leg.
Okay, if it appears, then you're positive, and if no ring appears here, then the test is negative.
And... And I still got the lip ring anyway, chica.
The playing field is the Milky Way, the ball is the sun during the December solstice and the gold ring, is the "Dark Rift" in the Milky Way.
Teal'c, the only way we can bring you aboard is with the ring transporter.
Look, the ring is real. You have it. Sell it.
It is accepted that men wear a ring, but bracelets are considered to be overkill.
Right... willpower... like the Green Lantern's ring.
Give her the deposit, give her the ring. I don't care.
Put your clothes, your shoes, your ring, your watch and whatever else you've got in that bag.
"Stewart Pasha still has the ring you gave him."
If it's a real morning ring like we have in Jamaica all you've got to do is turn it on your finger close your eyes and make a wish.
This guy says to the girl: "That's not my ring, that's my wristwatch."
All he was wearing was a big old Masonic ring and a Rio County sheriff's badge.
Mother's ring, I can't take this, It's yours,
If the seal was so important to Caleb and the First, they would be there now.
Stamp overlapping photo, signature of official and seal embossed in laminate. Model N3.
Even though you stopped samhain, The seal was broken, And we are one step closer to hell on earth for all creation.
Model LV1Security features: Front: plastic coat contains the advantage seal of greenish colouring in the form of a coat of arms, seen at a definite angle and letters‘LV’of yellow colour, seen only in the light of the ultraviolet lamp.
Then it must be the same Seal that Qing long has taken back
Reply: The Danish Freight Forwarders Association is not aware of any instances there the seal has been broken.
And it is written that the first seal shall be broken when a righteous man sheds blood in hell.
This was followed by The seventh seal and Wild strawberries, both considered masterpieces.
You see that judge's bench, that big old fancy seal, the flag, the jury box and you go, "Whoa.
I, the Baron Harkonnen have decided that the great seal of our venerable house that confused and ugly Chimera, the griffin no longer adequately represents the ambition of our appetites.
The original tang and clevis seal design failed to anticipate the enormous pressure, caused by the burning propellant, would cause the walls to bow outward, a phenomenon known as joint rotation.
After you wrap the body in reflective tape, the ends get Teflon tape so we can get a tight seal.
We've just experienced a cabin de-pressure... our on board computer indicates... that a seal was damaged from previous turbulence.
The photo shows the front seal and a rotar hub missing its fan blades.
or a seal was broken, resulting in the radiation leak.
If the seal holds, we accelerate the photon, and time gets back to normal.
Tatoeba: A life sentence just got a whole new meaning.
The sentence imposed by that judgment has become final, but has not yet been executed.
Sentence: Nine years, up for parole in five.
If you are caught, the sentence is often 10-12 years.
JUDGE: The accused are remanded to military police custody, and sentence will be carried out as soon as possible.
If you get caught the sentence is no more than one or two years.
But for the crime of sorcery, there is but one sentence I can pass.
The drafting confused the trial judge when faced with the fact that a person convicted of smuggling in Spain must receive a prison sentence of 6 months imprisonment ('prison menor') but could receive up to 6 years.
Sentence: 25 years. Up for parole in ten.
This sentence was upheld on appeal on 25 April 1998 and his appeal on a point of law was hastily dismissed on 28 May 1998.
Across the middle of it a single sentence had been formed by the expedient of pasting printed words upon it.
Tatoeba: Better to make no sense than no sentence!
Tatoeba: Better to make no sense than no sentence!
I fucking don't know how to translate this sentence, translate it yourself, everybody deal with their own shit.
I'm not a sentence. I should be deleted from Tatoeba.
Every sentence present in Tatoeba is a lie, especially this one.
A new sentence is like a message in a bottle: some time it will be translated.
If it isn't on Tatoeba, it isn't a sentence.
A new sentence is like a message in a bottle: it will be translated some time.
Just because it's in Tatoeba.org's database, doesn't mean it's a sentence.
I guess I've always had a soft spot for the lunatic fringe.
That having been said, I welcome the jobs that are coming to Dundalk, a sad black spot that is desperately in need of better development and more jobs.
I say, chaps, shouldn't we find a spot of cover?
You know, I used to think this was the swellest spot in the world.
Everyone says if you wanna get married this is the spot to find someone. - Oh, yeah?
What about that spot near Millers farm that you told me about?
It's the only shallow spot within a half day's march from here, Major.
If we hit a clear spot behind the wall, the sound of the waves are gonna change.
Shears, pick a spot on our side of the bank where you can cover Joyce.
That PPG hit to the chest was in the exact spot to cause instantaneous death.
The Great Red Spot is three times bigger than Earth, but it's only one of a whole class of large storms.
That dark spot on my X ray... the one that was killing me?
The Kelly with the cystic acne, not the Kelly with the bald spot.
Jupiter, with its strange bands of cloud and its great red spot, a world crackling with radiation we can hear from Earth.
David's liver had a big, black spot on it.
Little clouds moving along, swept up in the red spot, then it would spit them out again.
That's the site of the injury, that dark spot.
'Here was a planet vibrant with life, 'it had its own great, dark spot, 'white clouds floating in its atmosphere.
I think the stroke's just a way of him explaining his mistakes.
Car crash, motorcycle, complications from brain surgery, stroke, boot to the head, unlucky, and hit a sand bar diving off a pier.
'Cause part of the stroke that was awful was I went blind out of my right eye and it's sort of crazy how not just the games in the hospital that really got me through it, it's been everyone around me in this industry.
The doctors thought it was a stroke, but he healed, and he became obsessed with... patterns, and that led him to... numbers, and equations.
Luckily, I've been able to rule out stroke, but I am worried about what are concerning neurological symptoms.
Cysts, a low risk of stroke, apathy... none of which we expect to happen.
And the speech thing, and what you're doing with your eye... uh, you had a stroke about seven years ago.
Heart disease, stroke, diabetes, cancer... all the leading causes of preventable deaths.
He had a stroke a while back and he hasn't been the same since.
Kevin, if the doctor said it was a stroke, then it was a--
Saul, whatever this turns out to be... bold stroke of genius or otherwise, I'm destined to inherit it.
Every single stroke is a choice to tell your truth.
But the "t" in dr. Burr's sample has a horizontal initial stroke followed by a separate downstroke.
Knowing each stroke out was one we'd have to make back.
I hope that these people... get enough money out of their suit that they can move out of here.
I need the original plans and schematics for my case by next week, or the suit gets dismissed.
I can get you $600,000. We'll file suit tomorrow.
Joe can survive the embarrassment. This suit will destroy our efforts in Africa.
The college has no standing here, and the interests of the plaintiff' suit holds sway. Yes!
You have only three years from the time of diagnosis to file a suit.
We were in the midst of a settlement negotiation with PlatacoStillman, and in our opinion, Venezuela has no standing in this suit.
Right now I'm being endorsed by a secular saint. But if the suit goes through, I'm being endorsed by a sexual deviant.
Well, you're gonna have to tell someone something, because that suit was filed one day, settled the next, and those witnesses cancelled their flights to New York.
CM plays what they should have in the first place, and the suit against us goes away.
This town doesn't have a one-hour cleaners, so I had to buy a new suit.
A dark suit, plain tie, high-quality leather shoes and briefcase is generally recommended for men.
And what do you plan to do now that you're wearing that expensive suit?
Yeah, this guy-- This guy came out of the woods, like Bigfoot or something, and he's wearing a weird suit.
Yeah, then on top of it, the only suit they leave me is three years old.
He's in an '82 Plymouth, and he's wearing a gray suit.
Yeah, personally I have my doubts about any sport you can play in a suit.
He had one conservative suit... but he's wearing it now.
Not particularly, but I'm the only one who fits the suit.
Fly-fishing in a suit and tie, white gloves and patent-leather shoes.
EDMUND HILLARY: We continued on and we were getting distinctly tired and rather desperate, for the summit seemed to be continually eluding us,
Its summit is over 4 800 metres above sea level.
This is my summit... ..and all that remains from here on in is an approximation of life with Beatrice.
And over it all towered the summit pyramid of Everest only 20 miles away, but still 20,000 feet above us,
Sector 680, copy the 6th, the summit, the 8th, quadrant over, the 9th plus 84 circles, weave the 80 and call the 4th.
According to initial reports the summit of the 8125 metre mountain was reached on 27 June.
Long before the space age, the summit of the San Gabriel mountains was the closest an American could get to space.
His apartment on the eighth floor must be the summit, and the basement the foundation.
This Summit is just a smokescreen for what's really going on.
Regarding the economic climate, the Denver summit offered an opportunity to compare the situation in Europe with that in the United States, in particular.
On April 30th, 2007, a summit was held at the White House.
If the Cologne summit can provide an impetus for this then as far as I am concerned it will have been a success.
When the southern officials' visit is over, the summit will be held for sure.
The planet summit broke down today when China and India refused to agree to cuts in greenhouse gas emissions.
Ladies and gentlemen, with a view to the impending summit on employment, let us put our full weight behind other new programmes for the SMEs.
If it gets out that a collision between a Soviet and an American sub has endangered the whole eastern seaboard, the summit is dead and the peace process with it.
In that respect I think I am entitled to say that it was a successful summit.
President Ashton has made a point of reassuring Americans that he's all right and the summit will continue in the days to come.
The bad news is the second we walk in, any teller can trip a silent alarm that will lock down the area of the bank where the secure terminal is located.
So why don't you be our friend and show us where that terminal is?
For hearing witnesses there is a basic set with a terminal, camera and microphone.
One cut was when a card was canceled, And if a duplicate was used, the terminal would recognize Which is a forgery and warn the cashier
He's only 10 levels below us, south quad balcony, terminal 5.
Well, we should investigate that terminal and see what we can find.
There is a terminal on this floor with only one nurse, but the soldiers are going from room to room.
After a demanding journey, even the most impersonal terminal can seem as welcoming as an ancestral home.
The decision by the Irish planning authorities to refuse Huntstown Air Park Ltd outline permission to build a second terminal at Dublin airport was based on 10 reasons, includingaeronautical safety, general planning and environmental impact.
The Heuston terminal was completed in February 2004 on time and within budget, and is now fully operational.’
This terminal is off-line till 3 a.m. Shut down for maintenance.
Check every terminal, make sure she's not hiding out for a later flight.
If she was planning to infect as many people as possible, the terminal would be ideal.
And that terminal's the last heavily defended place on this planet.
Real alcohol... cigarettes... wisdom you can't get from a terminal.
That's the raised platform and there's the new terminal.
When the communication terminal came through, Seevis's men recognized its significance, and they risked everything to save it and smuggle it out of the city.
Well, hey, everybody, how about a toast for my pal Herbert Viola and his blushing bride.
This is a toast... to us never dancing... or dressing... like that ever again.
A toast to the kindest, most gentle and most wonderful man in the world: Papa.
All right, now that everybody's got champagne, let's have a toast.
The traditional toast is "To the hunt!" And it is said by me.
If it didn't deserve a toast, I don't know what the hell does.
I'd like to propose a toast to our intrepid friends who braved the expressway and two dozen tollbooths to be with us.
A toast to competitiveness, good management, profit and honesty.
Well, this will just be a toast to me, then.
A toast to Libby Masters, true Christian saint if there ever was one.
You have black coffee, dry toast, no butter.
Not that there's anything wrong with fish fingers "sur la toast". Take those stupid sunglasses off.
One short stack with sausage, two over easy with bacon, hash browns, and a side of Texas toast.
Three eggs, toast, And two pieces of bacon or sausage,
If too much time goes by, we don't catch any bad guys. If we don't catch the bad guys, there might not be any toast.
The perfect toast with a crisp surface, but still with a soft center.
What better way than an honest tournament, Passelewe? Yes.
The tournament is unfortunately in Hamilton, so I won't be able to invite you... unless you're planning a trip to Hamilton by any chance?
He won the tournament at Lannisport. Unseating Ser Jaime Lannister himself.
Really good work. It's just it's a tournament weekend, okay, guys? So you got to follow the rules.
This tournament will systematically narrow down which girl has the most cause to hate my guts.
When this tournament began. Virtually everybody could have predicted one of our finalists. But I don't think anyone could have predicted the other.
Well... The tournament's on right behind him. He hasn't even glanced at the TV.
How terribly interesting, but is there a tournament of some description with various rowdy goings-on?
My son's competing in a tournament next month, and his golf coach Tony's MIA today. What are your names?
There's a tournament coming up. You all know how to play ping pong, right? You at least have an idea.
Saturday night at the comic book store, they're having a "mystic warlords of ka-ah" tournament.
It's wonderful this tournament came when it did.
Oh, yeah, the tournament where the Knights ride around hitting each other with blunt weapons for no good reason.
We got a tournament coming up, you're gonna play every guy in the 'Burgh?
The last track on When Cookie Met Lucious is gonna be about our mother finding happiness.
So, in memory of the band, let's hear a track from "Always Morning."
Let's do this last track, and then we can go back to my place.
and it's gonna be the first track on When Cookie Met Lucious.
All I know is, the last track on When Cookie Met Lucious is gonna be about our mother finding happiness, the happiness that her father dreamed for her.
Right, here's a track. Wasn't so popular in America. Got to number six on the Netherlands' charts, though.
This next track is dedicated to all the guys out there whose hearts have been ripped out... and devoured for breakfast by cute, peppy, social-climbing blond girls.
This track alone by Memphis Minnie... is worth about $500 if you own the original 78.
OK. The news with Trevor Goodwin will be along shortly. But in the meantime, here's a track off Bobby Smythe's debut album...
And when you build a track with lies and bribes and every shortcut a devious mind can machinate, what you leave behind is a dangerous and a bumpy ride.
Today, Talladega, NASCAR"s biggest track... ... wherethebigconcern is the big wreck.
Lines are in most cases single track, which causes delays and reduces efficiency.
The temperature in the 80s, we've got a fast track, and we are set for some very exciting racing.
This will allow the modernisation of the Athens-Thessaloniki line, 88% of which will become double track between now and the year 2000.
And according to this map, the third track. Goes into a tunnel, which would be...
Overall, I think being a left-hand track may not be too difficult on the leg.
A mine shuts down, the track just rusts over.
It's the track, and faster than ever.
...with the weather conditions so uncertain, the drivers prepare for the track is still dangerously wet, but following a drivers meeting, a decision has been taken.
Can we drive past the petrol station on the road home and check that the trailer is there?
For example: a trailer containing 1,000 boxes of blond tobacco, produces a loss to any EU Member State of 688,000 Ecu via lost taxes.
It's a long pull from Los Angeles, especially dragging a trailer.
There's a parked tractor trailer on Sepulveda Boulevard blocking the northbound airport exit from the 105 East.
Throw in the use of your workshop... and some of that junk I see lying around... I've got to knock up a trailer... to drag my bike over to Bonneville.
My comprehensive configuration analysis indicates a potential weak spot in the Molecular Bonded Shell at the point where the tractor and trailer connect.
Too high, and any part of your body that hits the trailer will no longer be part of your body.
We're off to Jonas's sister's to pick stuff up now that we have a trailer.
As important and great as an iconic poster is, what's even more vital to a film's success is its trailer.
The trailer Billy had me cut together for next year's American Film Market.
And if that trailer isn't on time, your ass is out of here.
No, dude, that's not the trailer for Terminator five, that really happened.
It's about as easy to start a union in a Walmart as it is to start an atheist club in the Vatican.
I'll do it on my own time, and we have a good union so I'm gonna say four to five weeks.
Φ Founder member and executive councillor, Cabin Crew '89 (trade union for UK airline crew) (19891999).
It's a harbor town south of Los Angeles, populated with the families of hard working blue-collar men who live and die by the codes of the Union and the bosses who controlled the ports.
Members of the working group recommend that this text should be adopted at a plenary meeting of the sector's social partners, the European Community Shipowners Association and the European Union of Transport Workers (FST).
Φ Workers' Commissions (healthcare), member of company union committee (1977).
The union had been after John Smith on safety protocols that whole time. Then in March of '49... see, they were trying for a new production record.
The Belarusian Association of Journalists (BAJ), a non-governmental professional union, acts to protect the legitimate rights of journalists and promotes the principles of free and professional journalism in Belarus.
When you walk in without a contract, you are no longer a union.
Once the device was shown to be effective, and with the company's agreement, it was promoted within the industry by the union with the help of the institution in charge of occupational risk prevention.
They're talking about how to get their American Union in, - it destroys Canadian, U.S. and Mexican sovereignty.
I say to Mr Dijkstal, as a fellow Liberal, do not allow the Union to be dragged down the dangerous, undemocratic road of the British Government.
Nationalism is far more destructive and the Union far more fragile than many people realize.
"Union now and forever," Private McGrath.
But this union must be stopped... whatever the cost.
All the Member States face the same agenda, and it is also important for the Union to act as a catalyst and coordinator, and to create an agenda for achieving work and income distribution that is not based solely on market conditions or dictated by them.
They're intent on creating a western hemisphere union called the -
We welcome the agreement and recognize particularly toe marker that has been set down and hope toat the European Union will move towards toe pricing levels consumers in toe USA enjoy.
And supported by a powerful union, headed by...
It is within the context of a community, for which the Union can serve as a model, that the centrifugal tendencies of the peoples and the bloody ethnic confrontations will gradually fade away.
And I remember I was home when the vet called and said, "Yeah, that's a malignant tumor, he's gotta go."
The determination of the sex of young animals requires that the vet has recourse to the administration of certain hormonal substances, and this occurs within a strictly zoological framework well-defined by Community legislation.
Well, the vet said they had a bunch of tumours and stuff.
The practicalities are simple: owners take their pet to the vet to get a passport before they set off on their holiday. The document gives details of important vaccinations and any other relevant medical treatments your pet has undergone.
Yeah... Yeah, no, it does sound like Fancy's very sick. But you need to find a vet to put her down,
Uh, the vet called. He wanted to know if i'd stop by and pick up...
That vet had quite a go at me on the kitchen table
Now, I'm no vet, but I think that realization might have killed her before the parasites had a chance.
I've told him many times what i do, but he insists on a vet.
Let him try, he was a vet in Ge'ermu.
Conrad Brower, Gulf War vet, local handyman.
That's just exactly what the Vietnam vet needs— a little more good press.
Susan, did you ever see the old war movie where the fresh young kid comes in all bright-eyed, and the old vet won't give him the time of day?
Their last sergeant was an old-time combat vet, too. But he went ROAD on me "Retired On Active Duty."
Charlie Rhodes is a bitter vet who runs his bus the same way he ran Kilo Company in Da Nang.
"Homeless family." "Will work for food." "Pathetic vet. God bless."
Because I'm a vet and I'm still not clear on exactly what happened.
I know what you wanna do, you wanna sit here and label me just another case of some crazy-ass combat vet who lost his mind, huh?
He's like an AA sponsor. Stan's a Vietnam vet. He been through what kids like John are going through now.
You said you were a vet and it got me thinking about sacrifice.
