But it means so much... to be talking here, today.... like my old ambitious self who was so fascinated by communication.
Drawing on the help of elected representatives, representatives of the regions (CoR) and of civil society (EESC), the French Presidency would do its utmost to ensure that communication was decentralised to Europe’s regions.
It can be a communication, it can be a way to work something out.
T 15 - Education & culture T 16 - Communication T 18 - Freedom, security & justice ECONOMIC AND FINANCIAL AFFAIRS
• Audit methodology and support • Quality control • Communication and reports • Audit supervision and support to financial compliance audit • Reliability of the accounts and of management representations
Structured communication and dialogue between European, national and local governance levels makes it possible to anticipate and assess the impact of measures taken at one level on another level.
This requires very strict organisation and good communication between the initiator and the campaign partners and mediators.
Communication and support costs Energy and Transport DGRunning costs of the Executive Agency
Communication is an integral part of the ECB’smonetary policy and the performance of itsother tasks.
Such cities are often pioneers in the development of measures relating to urban regeneration, mixed ownership and tenancy, inclusive institutions and services, and communication and participation, which can contribute to a better living environment for an increasingly diverse population.
Nevertheless such communication is not obligatory in respect of flags of States. …
— provides an incomplete description of a request for information of 26 May 1999, in such a way that it disregards the fact that the report of 15 June and the communication of 23 June 1999 were provided voluntarily;
IV — Communication from the Commission on services of general interest in Europe
73 — Commission communication relating to the methodology for analysing State aid linked to stranded costs, adopted on 26 July 2001.
This written communication shall be sent to the President in due time before the meeting.
The communication of 23 June 1999, which constituted a supplement to the report of 15 June 1999, was also provided at BASF’s initiative.
Such prior communication would be liable to jeopardise the effectiveness of the freezing of funds and resources imposed by that regulation.
Consequently, whether or not that communication was a response to a request for information dated 22 June 1999, it could not be taken into consideration under the 1996 Leniency Notice.
That communication is said to have taken the form of the letter of 30 August 2000, in which the Netherlands specifically drew the Commission’s attention to the text of Article 9 of that draft.
— wrongly considered that BASF’s communication of 16 July 1999 was a response to a request for information of 22 June 1999.
The seeing, the true seeing, that is the heart of swordplay.
Craft professions – be it carpenter, butcher, baker, roofer, metal worker or information technician – are at the heart of Europe’s local communities.
Small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) are the heart of the European economy and social model; it is vital to support them in order to unlock the potential for growth and job creation represented by the European Union’s existing 23 million SMEs.
At the heart of the EMCDDA’s information system are five key harmonised epidemiological indicators: standardtools for collecting and reporting comparable drug data.
Early warning and subsequent early action are at the heart of the EU's conflict prevention.
The Lisbon strategy and the internal market require effective economic governance to deliverthe balanced package of economic, social and environmental benefits which lies at the heart ofsustainable development and allows Europeans to face change with confidence.
Preventing threats from becoming sources of conflict early on must be at the heart of our approach.
At its heart lies the creation of an ecological network of sites known as the Natura 2000 Network.
Culture Liverpool is at the heart of promoting the longterm future of Liverpool as one of Europe’s best cultural destinations.
Networking in fact may be seen to lie at the very heart of the Leader methodology and the core of the programme.
When we're apart My heart beats only for you
You are the only boy who makes my heart beat faster and slower at the same time.
Every time he heard someone in heels walking down the hall, his heart stopped.
But my heart still misses the lake house and its trees.
An iron burning a hole in your chest until your heart boils.
"Once I thought my heart was overflowing... with love for you." "But now all I feel is emptiness."
Exactly. And you do whatever your heart says?
"It's not the size of the dog in the race, but the heart of the team that counts."
And it seems that while my heart belonged to Sandra... the rest of my body belonged to the U.S. government.
My heart is filled with dust and sand, but you should know it is his destiny
"I wonder," thought the hedgehog, if the horse lies down to sleep, will she choke on the fog?"
Secondly, your valuation of the horse is high by about $200.
No one could tame the beast, but I told them... such a headstrong horse... is a perfect match for me.
You show up, you call me a bad mother. My son a homosexual, or at the very least strange, and your horse is ruining my fucking flowers.
I'm Dr. King Schultz, this is my horse, Fritz.
David, please tell me this isn't some kind of a Trojan horse.
Well, ma'am, he's a horse. So he likes apples.
And Mickey's now the closest bear to Saturn, back in like a horse in a race that does not give up.
As far, my Lord, as will fill up the time 'twixt this and supper, go not my horse the better.
"Then we'll have a hunt and somewhere in these woods your horse will stumble and you'll be thrown from your saddle to die.
The horse spooked, reared up and kicked the old pecker in the nut.
Her horse was fine, but when the ride started, I felt mine give a little, as if it might collapse.
And I can tell you one thing. That star attraction horse of yours?
Τhis place, this land - your home - is the last outpost of freedom, of eνerything you hold dear.
So the EEC decided on an arrangement for paying its farmers to produce more food, and to make sure that they could earn a decent living from the land.
A wondrous land... full of knights, castles, mutton... torture weapons, poverty, leeches, illiteracy... and...
"As your Wizard, I hereby decree... "the Land of Oz will forever be free."
Once upon a time, there was an enchanted land, called Storybook Town.
But the home we seek resides not in some distant land.
Yet past the Summer Meadow and beyond the Autumn Wood, lies an icy land of secrets, a world misunderstood.
Aorested land could help develop wildlife corridors between Natura sites.
Somewhere beyond the ocean there is a land Where warm waves softly caress the ever-happy sands
That no poor man's land or house will be taxed!
Behold this America, this new colossus, this fair land of the free!
Cross compliancelinks most CAPpaymentstocompliance withrulesrelating tothe environment, public, animal and plant health, and animal welfare and to maintain agricultural land (especially when it is no longer used for production purposes)in good agricultural and environmental condition.
To anyone with a drop of Irish blood in them... the land they live on is like their mother.
23For instance, the closure of extensive management contracts will only take place after the LIFE actions have been implemented, but they do finally ensure the use of land for the specific nature conservation
Very heavy rainfall between 10 and 19 August 2002 in the upper basin of the River Elbe and its tributaries triggered floods on a devastating scale, unlike anything Germany had ever seen before. The Land of Saxony was hit particularly hard.
People ought to be reminded more often that they're human beings, that all Russians are of one blood and of one land!
