It is not to be wondered at, for time hangs heavily in this lonely spot to an active man like him, and she is a very fascinating and beautiful woman.
I had to wait for a long time for Tom's answer, but it was worth it.
At 10:00, when it's time to have another bite, I'll do you a couple of nice, fresh eggs.
The administration will then transmit an electronic message to the customs Office of Destination containing data relating to the specific goods being moved and allocating an estimated journey time.
I think it is time that we adopted a hard line towards a partner which attacks its own people in its own country and all we do is sit back and listen month after month.
The time is coming, Watson, when we shan't be able to fill our bellies in comfort while other folk go hungry or sleep in warm beds while others shiver in the cold and we shan't be able to kneel
Average time to receive copy 5 (in days)
Five years ago this summer. when I was new to Brookfield I ventured to suggest to Mr. Chipping that it was time for him to retire.
It is perhaps the time to remember - and the Soulier report insists on this aspect as do some of the amendments which have been tabled - that in the European Community we have contracted two obligations towards the public.
Dearest one, Yesterday I though the time had come when I could ask you to marry me. And you were dear enough to tell me, sometime it might come to that.
I guess it wouldn't be any-- Wouldn't be the Christmas shopping season if stores were less hooter--
"Time for your final challenge - winter, a season of ice and snow.
It's coffee bean season,and they're letting panamanians in, so I figure,with a good id,I can pass.
I-I-I... I don't know, holiday season seemed to make sense.
At the start of spring, the caterpillar eats as fast as it can, as indeed it must, for this far north, the season will be brief.
it was stripper-shoe season in Chatswin or as it's known to the *** Halloween.
It's a warm season, like autumn, but it's spring instead.
We delivering turkeys to homeless people... because it's the giving season and they do be gobbling, you know what I mean?
It's getting to be the season when ramen really hits the spot.
Now is his season... For the white spirit comes with the cold, feasting on blood and human flesh, leaving nothing but famine and pestilence for his enemies.
This business is binary. You're a one or a zero. Alive or dead.
Textile's big business in your state. You're a controversial man.
The potential of European business to eco-innovate is underestimated.
What attracts you to this flimsy business? It's the furthest thing from your mother's interests or mine.
I can tell you what. This business is quite a lucrative one. Know what I mean?
Antiques is a lovely but murderous business filled with love, fear, greed, death, loathing and ecstasy.
That's what's the business is about, right?
Boy, when you met Bernadette, the field of robotics really took a hit.
More recently, European research and technological development in so-called 'assistive' technologies has become a clearly defined field in its own right.
Sure, it's not the most lucrative field, but luckily I have the cash and prizes from my historic seven-week run on Wheel of Fortune...
This is naturally an extremely important field as it is vital for bringing together populations that may be in a conflict situation.
The Council reaffirmed the objectives laid down in its Joint Action of December 1998 with a view to ensuring coherency in EU activities in the field of small arms.
Well, it's actually a very fitting field of study for Ms. Hudson, considering she makes her living as something of a muse.
Paleontological behavior study is a new field, and Sarah Harding is on that frontier.
This could mean a static legal situation with no scope for change in particular areas, the emergence of new areas (e.g. in the IT infrastructure field) or areas which can be both noneconomic and economic depending on the given situation;
Psychiatry is a very new field and things always look worse at the beginning.
It is unacceptable that such an important field as domestic security should be beyond parliamentary control and decision making and should not be a part of democratic transparency.
That's a 50% first-time discount I only give that to lenore's friends.
Honey, the sweater's from Paris... not some downtown discount store like Ugly Clothes... For the Sheep or Hillbillies of California.
Only the former qualified for the 12.5% discount rate.
Listen who's taking the moral high ground, Mr. Five-Finger Discount.
The procedure is to start out by setting a gross premium and then to consider what level of bonus (i.e. discount) might be possible.
Yeah, he could just pretend there was a problem with the app And then offer a discount if the rider pays cash And cancels the car they already ordered.
The BFR 5 million threshold in landing fees was so high that the discount could hardly benefit carriersother than those based at Brussels, to the detriment of other Community carriers.
To any person, God forbidding, who should pass away during the period of the exhibition, we have a discount of 25 percent.
EUR-OP News subscribers are being offered the opportunity to try European Voice free for six weeks - and then receive a 25% discount if they subscribe for a year.
8,000 for the left hand, 10,000 for a leg , and 20% discount for both legs.
A year. lf we're still losing money, the reduction stands.
A 50% reduction is obtainable for subscriptions by students. Applications should be made to the Office for Official Publications of the European Communities, L-2985 Luxembourg.
Non-application of the third-country levy within the limits of an annual quou of 60 000 tonnes and reduction of the third-country levy by 50 % beyond that quou
For this meat, reduction of 65% of the levy for an annual quota of 500 tonnes
A 50% reduction is obtainable for subscriptions by students.
A reduction in the taxis permitted for firms which, by the very nature of their products (processed fishery products, cellulose,organic colorants, sugar, etc.), would be faced with an excessive burden if there were no period ofadjustment.
If the European beef and veal industry is to be able to maintain beef production at anywhere near current levels, then, according to our analyses, a 30% reduction in the intervention price is imperative.
I think the reduction in the price of cereals proposed by the Commission is too great, because inadequate compensation is being provided.
Car two-four, the report from area 78 is incorrect.
The European Union must signal plainly how important this region is to us too.
As a public servant, I must tell you again. This whole area was put in for the public's benefit.
Consequently, we have seen the creation of a huge, vaguely-defined territory (as a result of the multiplicity and variety of agreements) which has no real internal organization, akin to a huge road network without a highway code.
Mr. Latimer, Mr. Gaetano, you'll arm yourselves, scout out the area, keeping in visual contact with the ship.
If there is one area where a European approach is required, it is this.
A whole area to patrol and you pick the graveyard - the Bungo Straits!
The Administrative Council made provision in this year's budget for the purchase of office premises by the Community Plant Variety Office. This purchase was, incidentally, financed largely by the town of Angers, the department of Maine-et-Loire and the region of Pays de la Loire.
In January of 1935, the territory of the Sarre, the small region of coalmines that she had been German before 1918, it voted in mass, and under supervision the International, to come back to Germany.
The first instalment of subsidies paid to the Office by the French authorities (department of Maine-et-Loire, region of Pays de la Loire, Angers municipal authorities) before 31 December 1998 amounted to ECU 306 054.39.
Oh, that's nice that she has a field to run around in.
To fight for peace and against terrorism worldwide is a field where Europe must make a strongcontribution, but divisions over key international issues poured cold water on these hopes.
Yes, sir, and I've reestablished the containment field but I'm reading massive power surges in the cargo bay and all sorts of transporter activity something weird is happening there, Captain.
A new Article 8a defines the free movement of persons as one of the four main constituent elements of the single market and explicitly brings that field with in the Community's sphere of jurisdiction.
Ah, that is one field where we're ahead of America.
It is a broad field, and I must add that it is in thick fog, because we have no uniform energy policy goals.
I am willing to bet anything that's an ordinary field cricket.
e Commission has also launched a number of networks in the field of research and innovation, many of which aim to ensure the exchange of good practices.
You see, the entire field... is ringed with land mines, missiles and mortars.
And wastewater is not the only field in which EU law is not respected.
The Children's Act of 1941 clearly states... that unless the spouse is deceased, which is not the case here... then the consent of both parents is required.
On the grounds submitted... that the Children's Act 1941, Section 10... contravenes a parent's fundamental, God-given right... to the society of his children... and is therefore repugnant to the Constitution... I find in favor of the plaintiff, Desmond Doyle.
The Court held that the Act of Accession did not place any restriction on the use of Article 169 after the entry into force of the Treaty of Accession, but merely authorised its use before that date.
This Act, drawn up in a single original in the Danish, Dutch, English, French, German, Greek, Irish, Italian, Portuguese and Spanish
• The Act concerning the conditions of accession of the 10 acceding countries and the adjustments to the Treaties on which the European Union is founded, comprising five parts and 62 articles
It follows from the case-law of the Court of Justice that an act whereby an official or servant specifically challenges an administrative measure which adversely affects him constitutes a
Protocol 3 is a multilateral act from the point of view of international law.
Yet he took this document very seriously, and his mind was prepared for just such an end as did eventually overtake him."
An interesting document, if you know how to read it.
Only those who possess such a document are entitled to obtain housing in Moscow.
In spite of this trap, your mission, should you choose to accept it, is to get the document and bring Anna Kerkoska to safety.
The annual report of the Observatory has in the meantime become a recognized reference document in scientific and economic circles.
This document grants me sole custody of Caleb. And I'd like you to sign it.
Following consideration of the comments on the White Paper, a document will be prepared with a view to a second stage consultation with the social partners early in 1998.
The document then states that the photographer Rudolf Lenz is requested to present himself within two weeks at one of the hospitals mentioned below for "medical treatment".
Could I ask your office, in that case, to write to the French immigration authorities, pointing out that it is a document which does allow us to pass, so that we do not have this embanassment in the future.
Document where the commercial operations done are guaranteed by the company.
..and I'm supposed to get up in front of 50 students and pretend to be an authority on life, death, love...
Oreja Aguirre, Member of the Commission. - (ES) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I must say how sorry I am that implacably strict time limits prevented us hearing Mrs Carrère d'Encausse, the undisputed authority on the issues in this region.
Our neighbor, Dr. Sondervan, is a known authority on Down syndrome and other developmental disorders.
Absolutely divine, didn't you think? I'm not much of an authority in this field myself, Bert, but it's my impression that encores are rarely sung in the first half of a program. It's...
Dr. Berke, as the leading genetic authority on the Revivatin Crisis, can you shed any light on these questions?
I know you're an authority this area. And you have done ...
Scully has ample proof of that... evidence authenticated by a scholar and authority.
Oh, yeah? And since when did the NGO member become such an authority on the subject?
Your detective believes this to be a mistake on Ballantine's part, but the professor was an authority on psychedelic mushrooms.
Dr. Gibbs, you are testifying today for the prosecution because you are generally recognized as a leading authority in forensic pathology, with a specialty in semen analysis.
And right now, it's gone so far that any expert could see it.
Professor of Archaeology, expert on the occult, and - how does one say it? - obtainer of rare antiquities.
The Committee on Employment and Social Affairs propose that a fair balance of women and men be invited onto boards of experts in the planning and execution of the framework programme.
See, I'm kind of an expert with just about everything and I can handle all kinds of machinery.
Any shark expert in the world will tell you it's a killer. It's a man-eater.
I am speaking here in place of Mr Wijsenbeek who, as we all know, is a recognised expert on the Rules.
My word, Mr. Lovejoy, you are an expert, aren't you?
Whereas a Commission expert has conducted an inspection visit to Maldives to verify the conditions under which fishery products are produced, stored and dispatched to the Community;
He's a great expert, you know, Sotheby's and all that. Is he? Now if you like, I could take them with me, ask him to have a quick look at them, and find their current value.
Wouldn't it have been better to have these slides worked up by a pathologist or an expert in this field?
There's a clearing 100 metres from the cave entrance.
There's a clearing by the river where we can all settle.
There's a clearing in the Chatham woods where I proposed to her.
Where the hell is this clearing you're talking about, Rosenthal?
There's a clearing ahead, 900 meters, but it's not much bigger than the shuttlepod.
Vienna, Austria: URBAN I money financed the renewal of this square in the Landstrasse area.
I hear it. I'm trying not to. It says here that the square is public land and therefore isn't an appropriate place for religious icons.
"This square shall forever honor "the memory of my son, Timmy Musket.
You know, if... if I let your dog shit slide, then I have to be okay then I have to be okay with this whole plaza filling up with it, which it would before we know it.
A picturesque Parisian square, where the holiday festivities are in progress.
Wind's 11 knots north-northwest, but the plaza's sheltered.
Nope, the High School, grill, the town square... Thanks to the travelers' anti-magic spell, everything in Mystic Falls still off-limits to anyone with fangs.
It was a village square, a green with trees and an old whitewashed Spanish church with a cloister.
Oh, man, it's bad enough to have to go through a horrible breakup, but then have that person pop up on your TV?
She just went through a really bad breakup, I thought she might like to meet somebody fun like you.
So I'm guessing that the real story involves a bad breakup and some booze.
We look for a precipitating event in these cases. A painful breakup is always at the top of our list.
Walter went rough a bad breakup, and today he found out that his ex moved in with someone else.
Just putting the finishing touches on my ultimate breakup CD.
Because when that inevitable breakup comes, you don't want to buy new mugs.
I guess this breakup's been tougher on me than I thought.
Boyfriend and publicist both said she was really emotional; bad breakup; no mercy on the blogs...
No,no,debbie,this breakup has nothing to do with my dad at all.
There is as much difference to my eyes between the leaded bourgeois type of a Times article and the slovenly print of an evening half-penny paper as there could be between your negro and your Esquimau.
There's a huge difference between "making oneself understood" and "completely mastering English."
I've spent a lot of time thinking that it makes little difference whether one dies at the age of 30 or 70.
It is quite clear that this only be achieved on a global basis. The difference with traditional means of communication used for disseminating content of this kind is that the Internet is by definition global, which is why we must seek global solutions.
Quite a difference to the days when I sat in your class and listened to you propound the great philosophies of the world.
We are not ultra-peripheral but being an island makes all the difference.
The thing I don't understand is the difference in the bodies.
But there is a difference: water flows between different countries, rivers flow through different countries and lake systems are shared.
Do you know the basic difference between you and David? You give him one too many, and he tilts forward at you.
But what I did just want to say to Mr Glante was this: of course there is a difference between a road, a canal, an airport or even an electric power line and infrastructure for telecommunications or communications.
The highlight of the somber affair was the performance of the grieving widow played to perfection by Dr. Helen Bryce in her first public appearance since her dramatic rescue.
Oh, I think not. I think if you ask a jury, they'll tell you her taped plea to her mother... the most passionate performance of that girl's life.
Some people are expressing disappointment at the euro's fall against the dollar, saying thu is hardly the performance of a hard currency.
I think possibly the second best performance I ever heard.
Thatsonatamaynot be a Glenn Gould performance... but I must say it's "good as Gould."
Frankly, they were unmoved by Mr. Soprano's performance.
That is just the least convincing performance I've ever seen.
All that crap about the fight for all souls, the literature, the performance we just witnessed.
Love left the masquerade Yes, of course, there'll be a performance tonight, even though Mr. Jerome is no longer with us.
The Passion was actually done as a performance piece back in the Middle Ages to incite people against the Jews.
And now, if you'll join me for some refreshments, and then we'll have a short presentation.
The Commission's programme for 1996 Presentation to the European Parliament by Commission President Jacques Santer Resolution of the European Parliament on the programme for 1996
Your kid's home sick from school, you've got a big Powerpoint presentation to make, your boss is on your ass.
Presentation of the Commission's work programme for 1999 to the European Parliament by President Jacques Santer
Steve had this huge presentation today with some big-wig government guys who could be really important for his business, and he's been putting it together for months now, but as soon as we found out about Daddy,
2000-05: Shaping the new Europe: Presentation to the European Parliament by President Romano Prodi — Strategic objectives 2000-05 — The Commission's work programme for 2000 — Resolution of the European Parliament on the Commission's five-year strategic programme
- Impromptu assembly, poignant video presentation, soulful soundtrack... Maybe early Sarah McLachlan...
President The next item is the presentation of the preliminary draft budget for the 1998 financial year.
The presentation is over and Will's just heard everything for the first time.
Four hours later, we get done with it, great presentation, And some genius in the audience Looks at the stock and it's gone up.
And wouldn't you say that if we were asked to create a graphic representation of the chain of command here at Blue Moon that this would accurately reflect it?
It is therefore not a representation for the purposes of Article 2 of the Directive.
So what we thought were budget numbers is actually a numerical representation of a virus genome.
As to the deposit of an odour sample, it does not constitute a graphic representation for the purposes of Article 2 of the Directive.
"It is so easy to commit embarrassing blunders, but etiquette tells us just what is expected of us and guards us from all humiliation and discomfort."
Well, that may have been a function of etiquette as much as biology.
And what do the rules of etiquette say about being alone in your bedroom?
Languages, etiquette, golf, knowing how to ski...
All you have to do is get the label so we can see it.
I am assured that bulk imports in the UK are carefully protected by making sure that the right label goes on the right wine.
You don't think the tape was marked correctly. What is this Ray? What is this big white label that says,
It would only be necessary to stick the label on the transit document (copy 5) as an indication of the presentation of the merchandise to the customs authorities.
The only thing you ever treated with respect had a label and the word "proof" on it.
The frozen cod fillet label provides consumers with the name of the species (torsklcod), the method of production (fiskad¡fished) and the catch area (Östersjön!Baltic Sea).
A bar-coded label will also allow the storage of other useful information, such as the nature of the merchandise, the qualifications of the companies concerned or those of the transporter.
I've got plenty to do. I'm working on a new label design, Nicky, featuring Y-O-U. You're gonna love it.
It's a white tube with a red label.
And the label of the costumier was the first mistake of Claud Darrell.
A little exercise, which it looks like some of you could use. All right?
`I should like to point out, however, that a presidency cannot stand on its own. („)A presidency is an ongoing exercise in solidarity and that is why I am very pleased to have been with you here today.'
East and West have always feared that such an enormous exercise might be used as a cover for a build-up for war.
Embracing the approach that “a hard drill makes for an easy battle”, training and exercises continued to attract serious effort both by the Member States and the relevant actors at the European level.
They said it was a drill, but as I left the base I overheard a sentry say it was an escape
The Commission comes, here from a far-off building, which in itself is good physical exercise.
Tell 'em you've looked into it and all it is an exercise
Forget it all. Forget the hockey team, forget the practice. But I want you outta here.
Well, if he knows it's an exercise, he won't show it.
Well, he tried to explain it was just an exercise. Well, he was talking English and they was talkin' Arabic. So, you know.
Why don't you do one last rehearsal, let your father play the Annie role?
That was the worst rehearsal we have ever had.
Well oh Caesar I guess the rehearsal is just about over.
But it was only a rehearsal, Amy, to get you used to this feeling.
And the rehearsal it goes well. Steven Babbington he dies. And foul play, it is not suspected, not even by Hercule Poirot.
Okay, this will be a full rehearsal with cameras and everything.
The first time is a rehearsal, and the second time we'd live for real."
All right, guys, Gone rehearsal, take three.
And I can't really tell you what happened but to a child of eight it sure as hell looked like that old hag had sucked out Christian Moore's soul and stuffed his gullet with dirt so that it couldn't get back in.
Ye're keeping something from me, ye old hag, and I'm no' havin' it.
How do you think he got all these muscles, you wine-soaked hag?
And if you ever imply again that I'm an old hag I'm gonna tip you over.
No disrespect to your man or anything, but do you think the harp will be safe here? - Well, I can't see why not.
And then, one day, we see this fella and he has a great big pair of white wings and a harp in his hand.
Now, Amy already has a real harp and it can play any song.
So now, instead of an acoustic guitar, we're having a harp player.
I think there were 1 violins, 1 cello, 2 violas, a harp...
A Japanese sculpture, an Italian harp, and framed Spanish doubloons. Can't really settle on a theme, can he?
Jack, who's totally buff, climbs up the beanstalk and finds a golden goose, a golden harp and a big, scary giant?
Yeah, the cross of St. George and the Irish harp denotes that this cannon was probably part of a lot cast for the city of Derry in Northern Ireland.
Just "Oh, look, there's another angel, grab a harp and on with the Hosannas"?
But we've found him now. All we have to do is to get hold of that harp. - That will turn up.
Nora, Dilg's life won't be worth a dime if I turn him back to that jury now.
On the one hand, they are intended to facilitate the daily life of the visually impaired and, on the other, they should prevent fraud.
The stakes were $50,000, but they were the life of a man, too.
However in the treatment of sick patients the physician must be allowed to use a new diagnostic or therapeutic measure if in his or her judgement it offers hope of saving life, re-establishing health, or alleviating suffering.
No, my Fhrer. My life has no meaning unless I can serve my leader.
For the single market fully to become reality, however, this legal framework has to be observed and imbued with life by the Member States, their administrations, businesses, industry, and ultimately the people themselves.
A man's life in these parts often depends on a mere scrap of information.
Well, I... I don't wanna sound corny, but, uh... it's knowing that you're risking everything... - life, liberty, happiness...
An example ofthe flows recorded for other life insurance is shown in Table A.III.4.
Listen to this. " Little enough to ask the life of one man against a holocaust that could destroy the globe."
My father loved Sir Rowland as his soul and all the world was of my father's mind.
It is for this reason that the tragic death of President Kennedy afflicts not only the soul of the American people, but also that of all the citizens of the free world and the whole of civilised humanity.
and the soul of the child came into him again, and he revived."
When a soul finds its way in the heart of a house Is a doll or toy the perfect host.
They're the best I've ever seen, Grandma. The heart and soul.
A remarkable coincidence that it is precisely the sum of money that was hidden by a notorious conman.
We found out Jim's girlfriend, Brooke Harper, is a con woman.
Well,of course I am. I was raised by a con man and I got taken.
I knew he was a nut or a con man or something, but he seemed harmless enough.
You may be a con man, but you were right about that pizza.
Even with overwhelming evidence that her fiancé was a con man, she still believes he loved her.
You're like a con man who somehow talks people into paying way too much money for derivative art by convincing anyone who's never heard of Damien Hirst that you're a genius.
You are a con man, mr. Johnson, or whatever your name is? A grifter.
A conman had already taken my last cent. I bought a rose for luck.
Um, they both think-- they both think you're a con woman and you're trying to take me for my money.
And Joella, you should have told us he was an impostor when you could.
If I can dig up enough testimony to prove... that Raglan's a dangerous fraud, that Somafree is crawling with crazies... it's no place for a kid, any time...
Vautrain is a sadistic charlatan who plans to use his relationship with Teresa to make himself ruler of the duchy.
When the impostor starts to denounce me, Madame Malik will undoubtedly acknowledge that he is really her son. She will swear to it before the entire world.
He is a power-mad charlatan who wants nothing less than the rule of this duchy.
- Oh, that's a beautiful thought. - And I thank God on my knees that she's a fraud and a fake and isn't going to die.
But then if he is an impostor, where is the real Martin Bormann?
If this city ever finds out what kind of a fraud you are, they'll lock you up and throw the warden away.
You don't seem very surprised to learn that this Dr. Edwardes is a fake and may be guilty of murder.
Rollin and Barney are sure that you're as much a fake as Poljac.
A woman was ordered to place an ad in the paper admitting that she had bought drugs.
Well, you should take a full-page ad in the DGA magazine stating that... because you`ll never stop working then.
Every week there's a standing ad in the "Lexington Herald" asking for volunteers for a blood drive.
Place an ad in the "Gazette" and I'll come rowing out to you.
So I answered and 2 days later another ad, "goodnight nobody, goodnight brush."
(SIGHS) He just feels so foolish running the ad. He thinks everyone in town will see it and think he's giving up.
We should run a want ad saying something like,
He... he... he said that if he didn't come home in two weeks, to place an ad and to wait at the bench under the El... that a friend would come.
Sign up for dance classes, take out an ad, join a book club.
Put out flyers£¬ and take an ad out in the paper and all that.
I can't force you to stay here now. But here is your official notice.
Based on minutes of the Ad Hoc Working Group "Transit Reform" of 58 November 1996: Notice to Members no. 67 - PE 220.793
I was with the Royal Army Medical Corps when a notice went up in the officers' mess asking for volunteers for a refugee camp on the Pakistan border.
See in particular the report of the visit to Rome and Naples : Notice to Members no. 61 - PE 220.195
If I ever decided to move on, serving notice is just a first step.
As a result, a notice may not be valid unless all these titles have been specified.
Look, the thing to do is, we write a notice promising a large something to anyone who finds a replacement tail for Eeyore!
In negotiated procedures with prior publication of a contract notice, the number of candidates admitted to negotiate may not be less than three, provided that there is a sufficient number of candidates.124
UIO protocol dictates that we give the aliens 24 hours notice of our right to evict.
Urgent negotiated procedures (with publication of a contract notice)
- It was an amusing episode... of our lives.
This episode teaches racial tolerance to treat everyone equally, regardless of skin color.
Well, this is it, this is the first episode.
Well, this year's episode is even worse. It's scarier, more violent... and I think they snuck in some bad language too.
Trey and I are right excited because this is our favorite episode.
This is the very first episode, I finally got my own show.
Tonight's episode... "Excuse Me While I Kill The Sky. "
This is just like when Tommy was trapped on that cliff in episode 29. - Okay, okay, don't panic.
This is the Three's Company episode with a misunderstanding.
Tonight's episode of Little Britain was a tribute to Matt Lucas and David Williams. Who are sadly still with us.
There was a period in the mid-'70s... where I suffered a terrible remorse about giving him up.
At the same time it is worth noting that the National Authorities are currently preparing the new Regional Develop ment Plans to cover the period 2000-2006.
I'll see you tomorrow morning third period, room 14.
The last period represented a temporary reversal of a steadily narrowing trend in the spread.
He's sensitive, he's going through a rough period, and I don't want you to reject him.
Any request made by the Commission for further information shall cause that three-month period to run afresh from the date on which the Commission receives the information.
yes, yes, of course i would be interested in a "j" period.
The second period of the Community programme will take place in a different environment, following the political agreements in the Amsterdam and Luxembourg Summits, and the start of negotiations on enlargement.
You had another controversial period when you were involved with a group that was essentially trying to penetrate military computer systems.
0 The rule prevented the Cour d'Appel from raising its own motion at the hearing of the question of the compatibility of the contested measure, since the 60 day period had elapsed.
This section contains a detailed breakdown of how Tacis funds allocated to each sector have been committed to various countries.
During a three-year transitional period (1999-2001), the former national currencies will continue to circulate as sub-units of the euro (see section 1.2).
(Staff Regulations: Article 9, and Annex II, Section 3, and Annex IX)
In the context of the new Framework Agree ment between the Community and the ACP countries, an environmental section has been included in the negotiating mandate.
Article 16(5) of the Services Directive. For the notices used in design contests, see section 8.4 below.
Section 1 Promoting investment in vocational training social challenges.
Section 2 Member State performance in creating jobs employed by 172%.
Section 2 and Article 91 on measures against dumping between Member States were only applicable during the transitional period (expiring on 31 De cember 1969).
Section 1 Promoting investment in vocational training in both the public and private sector. Flexible forms of learning include multi-media material and open and distance learning, often combined with traditional methods.
The heading "Section 2 - Setting up of the Common Customs Tariff' shall be deleted.
You're a sad lonely lot who don't have homes or family to lean on
My name is Klaus, and you lot are the faction...
Any one of them gets shot up... The whole lot will saddle up and light out of here in a hurry.
A lot of words I thought Captain Anderson was gonna have apoplexy.
Well, us amiable bunch of 20-somethings, us harmless happy-go-lucky lot, we're having a party tonight, very small, very quiet.
Until the main force gets there, it's just us and a whole lot of them.
That crowd in there, they only come because it's fashionable.
Suddenly, a whole crowd of frogs and salamanders came hopping and crawling by them.
A bunch of us parents tracked him down... after they let him out.
Just those with babies and a bunch of old fogies were all that was left.
They are saying a bunch of half wits... can hold the Roman army at bay.
This is the old cabal theory that somewhere there's a room with a baize-covered desk, and there are a bunch of capitalists sitting around pulling strings. These rooms don't exist. I hate to tell Noam Chomsky this.
Well, for me, the worst way would be for a bunch of old men to get around me and start biting and eating me alive.
These natives tell me there"s a big bunch of Japs at a village five miles from here.
Someone left the glass case open last night and a bunch hit the highway.
Personally I trust that curator or anybody else we talked to over there. I think they're all a bunch of freaks.
It was more a collection of compromised intelligence analysts, corporate officers, violent thugs.
'A tiny piece of history, perhaps, 'but this small collection of cars on this ragged assembly of corners 'had achieved something not seen for a generation.'
At Community level, the Commission proposes: an increased level of dialogue and partnership; a possible "European year of voluntary organisationsand European citizenship", plus greater voluntary organisation involvement in other "European years"; Europe-wide collection, analysis and
I ain't running down the money, but when people start thinking that money is the fucking answer, then you get a whole 'nother set of problems.
Well we have a very very broad set of people angry very angry at this corporation well people from the left of the spectrum who don't produce anything except hot air.
A contract is a promise or a set of promises that the law in some way recognizes as a duty, and when it's breached, the law provides a remedy.
George Selway treated me as a collection of holes and... at least, by not telling Gary, I had control over that one thing.
Europe is more than a set of economic rules.
Okay, now I don't want to make an ass out of you and me, but is it safe to assume that you have a set of keys to the Whaley house or at least access to them?
No, this is the same bow I used as a boy.
Imagine that you, the arrow, the bow and the target are one.
- She went into the forest armed with her bow and blade.
A lot of people go with Cupid but you gotta remember, the bow and arrow melts first and what you're left with is a fat kid dancing in shrimp.
Orion's bow... was a light like the world will never see again.
"And I saw, and behold a white horse, and he that sat on him"... "had a bow, and a crown was given unto him"... "and he went forth conquering."
Just because you have that bow doesn't mean I'm going to treat you differently.
Necklace of Harmonia, Hercules' bow, Golden Apple of Discord.
He says that master is to compete... but if he does not make good, the bow is to be broken over his head.
The minute that I was in The Yardbirds. , that bow was out immediately.
You know, there can only be one spring to rule them all, and I am the Lord of the Springs.
And you have the nozzle... With sleeve that goes over it and that has a little spring on it.
Carbon steel spring and barrel, polymer frame and components.
The trigger mechanism had a faulty spring, and the resistance was 75% less than normal.
A laptop, a digital watch, a cell phone, the pneumatic actuator from your bazooka over there, a map of town, a big spring and a tuna fish sandwich.
- Well, you see the self-timer and the spring for the shutter are connected, so it wasn't broken, it just was stuck.
The sandwich was fair, the spring was a little rusty, the rest of the materials, I'll make do.
The couch had a spring in it or something, and my back... no.
If one spring is loose in my clock, my clock'll tell the wrong time.
There's just a little spring and if you lift it, it'll just release, like magic.
He is a five-foot-eight-inch-tall ape descendant, and someone is trying to drive a bypass through his house.
My God, who would have thought that you, the descendent of Saxon kings, should be the prisoner of a vile Norman in the very hall in which our ancestors held court.
Many more of us remained, hoping to see the fulfillment of the prophecy that one day a warrior descendant of Genghis Khan will rise up, and unite all the Kazakhs in a revolt against our enemies.
This just in: Slave-owner descendant Carter Pewterschmidt has paid $20,000, or two million pennies, in reparations to a local black man.
Caesar. I, a descendant of slaves, am asking you to show humanity.
The scripture says that the Messiah will be a descendant of King David... and will be born in bethlehem, the town where David lived.
Yet the key, we knew was to locate the rarest of bloodlines a direct descendant of Alexander Corvinus Hungarian, a warlord who came to power in the early seasons of the fifth century.
If he is not the true descendant he will die. And we'll all drown in the blood of the innocent.
The hero's name is Maleekwa, a descendant from the black tribe... that established the first society on the planet, while you European motherfuckers were still hiding' in caves and shit, all terrified of the sun.
He wouldn't be the descendant of the pharaohs if he wouldn't at least rebel a bit.
If her offspring's male and develops at the same rate as Sil, it could be capable of reproduction in six months.
And now he doesn't want to hurt you, because you're like one ofhis offspring.
The emperor knew, as I did if Anakin were to have any offspring they would be a threat to him.
My only chance was to find the one known offspring of our tribe that had been born in a foreign land - a woman somewhere in this place called Brooklyn.
"Jack Jackson's mother is a witch, and he's the Devil's offspring.
According to every analysis... this child is the offspring... of Commander Tucker and Commander T'Pol.
In 90 other such matings, the Sebacean female and her offspring perished.
I have no doubt this boy... is the offspring of Anakin Skywalker.
2 attractive young people who have come to the conclusion that this wedding will be mutually beneficial, that their genetic match-up will be most likely to produce favourable offspring and a lifetime of financial stability and physical security.
Well, the ship has notified me that the offspring now needs a name... and she would be extremely honoured if you, Aeryn Sun, were the one to choose his name.
Suspense was short-lived tonight as the away team's striker, Sylvestre, has just found it.
Rumors are rife here in Marseille, and the suspense is mounting for the last leg of the municipal elections.
Wish I had an exciting reveal for you tonight, but... in my humble opinion, suspense is underrated.
- Oh, go on. The suspense is killing them.
Yes... the terror of murder, the suspense, the fun.
The tension is so thick, you could cut it with a knife.
As a result, a third country now risks beingsucked into the spiral of war, while in Sierra Leone itself, the UN peacekeeping force is still struggling toapply the July 1999 Lomé agreements. Elsewhere, pockets of tension are reappearing in Liberia.
Leave your car and the tension of the city in a space reserved for you in our vast underground garage.
Mr President, would you please ask the Commission to give very careful thought to what is happening in Spain, because I fear tension is rising.
He was so nervous, you could... the tension was just, like, it was palpable.
The European Union hopes that the political tension can be reduced quickly in the interests of the country and of the Cambodian people.
Entering the fourth quarter of play, the tension level here at the Cotton Bowl is palpable.
The outbreak of the Korean War and mounting East-West tension highlighted the need for a greater defence effort by Western Europe, including West Germany.
Take a deep inhale, and on an exhale... Release any tension you may be holding onto in your neck, shoulders... Your jaw.
Wiersma (PSE). — (NL) Mr President, the tension over Kosovo has risen in the last few days.
We have that right under the treaty if the canal is threatened.
A large feeder canal leading away from the two dams would then be built to carry water to a treatment station from which it would be distributed to the various municipal reservoirs.
If the canal's being flogged off on presidential instructions what's the price?
Hingham bridge, which to this day, remains the only means by which to cross the royal canal.
The canal is always gonna run the way it's run.
And getting in with these chaps is the sweetest, cheapest way of saving the canal.
This is the canal that the fishing industry desperately tried to build to get to the receding shoreline.
We won't be just a wriggly little worm on the map with a canal, will we?
That canal is so narrow, we won't have any margin for error.
You know, ever since the canal cut them in half this bridge is now the only link between North and South America.
Sir, I've already told you. This is a reserved channel.
The main channel for the EU's financial and technical support to the CEECs will continue to be the Phare Programme.
Computer, open a channel to the llvian Medical Complex, Administrator's office.
We need to emphasize the principle of proximity, making the CoR the channel for Europe's voice to be heard at local and regional level."
According to the United Kingdom authorities, the channel was in breach of its licence requirements, and also in breach of UK Law.
And so was that little worm that does the editorials on Channel 8.
The human rights dialogue is a channel to express the EU’s concerns to Iran and for Iran to raise its concerns with the EU.
There we are! It may be on a lousy channel, but the Simpsons are on TV.
The main "noninstitutionalized" channel used by subnational authorities is a regional information office.
Everyone else is known by what they do: porter, fisherman or cook.
- He is a porter, he wants to carry them.
The girl stood alone and helpless on the platform - until a porter saw her and took her luggage to a carriage.
There was a porter there. Said he'd noticed it'd been parked up for a week in a corner.
I've never... had a porter carry my bags. Never had waiter service in a restaurant.
Well, you're welcome to your outrage, Ms. Krause, but I am inclined to decide that the plaintiff has proved likeness.
By analogy with the caselaw of the Court of Justice 5 it states that the plaintiff was no longer a member of the family of a Moroccan worker at the time for which the application was submitted.
All paperwork showing that the plaintiff was indeed fired from four previous positions.
However, since the plaintiff did not come to Belgium until 1985 and her son-in-law lost his Moroccan nation ality at the end of the 1970s, she was never able to rely on the Agreement.
But in order to prove fraud, The plaintiff has to pro actual damages.
The plaintiff was denied payment of that allowance solely on the ground that she did not possess Belgian nationality.
Tonight, the defendant, Chazz Maloney, a world-ranked UFC fighter. Chazz is accused of unprovoked assault and causing bodily harm to the plaintiff Andy Duane, who claims he was brutally attacked and still has the physical and mental scars to show for it.
The plaintiff, born on 11 August 1924, submitted a claim on 22 September 1988 for an employed person's pension as from
Yes, but when the plaintiff took this job, he signed a waiver that completely indemnifies our client of any and all risks associated with operating heavy machinery.
In that respect France con cludes that if that is the case the plaintiff is a member of the family of a Moroccan worker and may rely on the Agreement.
As we got closer to Triton, it became evident it was a very tiny object.
Frequency represents the number of times per second the vibrating body moves back and forth.
Mr. Scott, an alien object of unbelievable destructive power is less than three days away from this planet.
Vibrations arise when a body oscillates due to external and internal forces Figure B.1.
It's the only other object we know of that has an atmosphere of nitrogen.
Frequency is the number of times per second the vibrating body moves back and forth.
'Io is just enormously volcanically active,' more active than the Earth and any other body in the solar system.
Vibrations arise when a body moves back and forth due to external and internal forces, Figure B.1.
'When the Earth was forming, 'it wasn't the only object at that distance from the sun.
An object, half the size of a football field, plunged down from space at around 34,000 miles per hour.
Their activity should be divided between their constituent units (see section 3).
Uh, there's a section of text on the altar... ..that deals with the geomagnetic storms that power the device.
What is more, it limits the free exercise of a policy of public economy by Member States in the ran up to EMU, since this section is in fact a system of rewards and punishments.
Lastly, section 5, page 30 states that the Royal Hall is responsible for all maintenance and repairs of the rehearsal space.
This recommendation differs from that for rail and airtransport (section 4.2.3) where there are a small number of large enterprises and significant distortion would arise.
OK, this section of the text seems to deal primarily with their arrival on P4X-639.
Under the heading of the "Defence of the Realm Act." Article four, section 29.
If the store is closed, it shouldn't have a sign that says, "24 hours."
USE designation of origin (2031) certificate of origin (2021) chain store (2036) auction chamber of commerce
The store closes at 10:00, and then old Mr. Weinermeyer sweeps up... and then he collects all the push carts.
The store will drop the charges. Thirty-seven buck's a lot of dough.
What about No kids that's not a store.
I want a man like Ed who's got a factory or a store or something solid.
But the store wouldn't take her back. Then I took her to the shelter.
It's been the town custom to close the store when we have church.
And I hope the lousy store was knocked flat.
It used to be quite prosperous. But all they had left was a post office... and a filling station and a general store, at least when I left it.
Chase'll let us know when the transaction's complete and Jack has the virus.
That's the only positive thing about it, it's good for business. The reporters are drinking the town dry.
Though one cannot visit the sins of fraudsters on the authorities, one can, as in the case of Switzerland, ask them to put in place a system providing maximum assurance that such trade is controllable and being controlled.
In the Gamma Quadrant we did very good business.
I would like to look forward to having a system which would be both useful and flexible for all those wishing to use it, so that it could enjoy the confidence both of business and com merce and also respect the need for appropriate involve ment of workers.
He was supposed to complete the transaction and take the latinum back to his ship so that I could infiltrate the entire Markalian smuggling operation.
I do not intend to give a lengthy economic disquisition on the need to bring trade under control, because it is so obvious.
The boys at home are concerned that the world's biggest trade gateway doesn't fall into the wrong hands now that it's in the wrong hands.
The overall picture is that European trade is no longer under control.
And business was slow at the banana stand... - when George Michael made a new friend. - Hi.
We who made the agreement thought that it would be the beginning not of peace in the American sense, but the beginning of a period of coexistence which might evolve as it did in Korea into two states.
All the customs services of Europe have recently undergone a prolonged period of uncertainty, and in most cases, deep cuts in personnel.
But this year the cubs are doing very well.
3.The term of office of each representative shall begin and endat the same time as the period referred to in paragraph 2.
I recently emerged from a period of prolonged numbness.
To ensure that the period during which contributions are not paid does not appear as a gap in the contributions record of the insured party, a credited contribution is granted.
Dear comrades, delegates, a new democratic era is upon us.
Former Objectives 1 and 6 (1994–99 period)
He has reached the conclusion that the breadfruit has a dormant period, sir.
However, for the first mandate, the Commission shall identify half of its appointees, and the Council shall identify 12 of its appointees, for whom this period shall be six years.
Now, I'm hurting just like you are, Yoast, but the season is not over yet.
(2) 'Bathing season': the period during which bathers can be expected, in the light of local customs and local rules, taking into account climate and topological conditions.
Remember, this is killer bee season in the North Woods, so don't provoke any flying yellow things, you're just asking for trouble.
(2) ‘Bathing season’: the period during which bathers can be expected, in the light of local customs and local rules, taking into account climate and topological conditions.
It's free, it's out of season, the weather's glorious.
The average annual growing season in most areas of Europe has increased by about 10 days over the past 20 years and will further lengthen in the future.
We can play tomorrow night and still have a shot at the play-offs... or we can forfeit again and the season's over.
Like Jonathan, you play with abandon. But this is Jonathan's season.
I know we're all upset, but we still have a season left.
It's been a wicked season if you're into killing.
It was the tower again and the bell and the old Spanish village.
When the bell rang, I thought that was her.
There isn't a drill yet, I'm just showing them what the bell sounds like.
On my first sight of the Africa coast something struck in my soul, like a large bell.
Maybe we can find out what happened, how she disappeared before the bell fell, or how she died, if she died.
The bell's making so much noise, he can't hear us.
If you now care to admit that you are woefully out of your depth, that bell is your salvation.
Mom says every time a bell rings... someone's got to pay.
Hmm? "Noisy are children, loud is a bell, pungent is perfume, but you only smell."
When the fish comes, the bell rings and announces his arrival.
Far away a chiming clock struck out the quarters of the hours, but otherwise a deathly silence lay upon the old house.
This watch needs repairing. It gains 20 minutes a day.
Our clients were punctual to their appointment, for the clock had just struck ten when Dr. Mortimer was shown up, followed by the young baronet.
This watch needs to be fixed. It gains 20 minutes a day.
Any watch will do as long as it is cheap.
By the clock 'tis day and yet dark night strangles the travelling lamp.
The clock broke, the windows have been breaking... the weirdo at the door last night.
The international clock is running, and which of the two parties will be the first to accept the Rambouillet conclusions?
"It was remarked that the clock began to strike... and I began to cry, simultaneously."
Explain to me how a man in Poland had a watch showing English time when there's one hour's difference!
? It's layers. The Romans make a layer.
The detec tors will not work if a thin layer of absorber such as paper, water, clothing or dust is in the way.
- As you can see... the thinnest layer of cortex separates the part of the brain... that feels pleasure from the part of the brain that feels pain.
She leaves much of her body uncovered... but is careful to cover the first layer of vegetation.
It's the look, the feel, the bend of paper, but actually it's a microscopic layer of nonconductive polymer, - and it's sandwiched -- - Marshall, not the time.
And what that does is it thickens this layer of atmosphere, more of the outgoing infrared is trapped.
With erosion, the fine layer of humus, which took thousands of years to form, disappears.
A story that reveals, with each layer of investigation something finer and nobler.
- Hi. - Peel back that outer layer of skin and get yourself acquainted with the general anatomical structure.
Like one of those Russian dolls, where each layer contains a slightly smaller doll inside, each new deposit contains the potential for a slightly smaller loan in an infinitely decreasing series.
The top floor hadn't been finished yet. The wiring wasn't in when Kevin died.
• voted in favour of the principle of purchasing the Hotel Bordeaux-Montrieux and the second floor of the adjacent building as the permanent seat of the CPVO;
Get the green window 14 on the first floor, staircase F, corridor T.
Since October 2002, journalists have access to the CoR new pressroom (10th floor, opposite press unit).
Last time anyone saw it, it was on the 3'ed floor, corridor B door 6. Mr Prefect!
Fourth floor, green-painted door, bang opposite the lift.
This extraordinary meeting was convened for a final decision to be taken by the Administrative Council on whether the Hotel Bordeaux-Montrieux and the second floor of the adjacent building should be purchased, thus becoming the permanent seat of the CPVO.
This is the fifth floor and behind that door... that's where Eugene stashed his gold.
Second level's low today. I've had warmer hellos.
(CIT travel agency: RAV 705 — 7th floor, outside the President Staedelin room).
Geordi, concentrate on their cutting edges, durability, weaknesses in material.
The durability of Europe's shared cultures and values is exemplified in this painting of a family from Pompei.
Another important feature is the durability of the product; whether it is built to last.
Optical card technology is laser-based, enables large quantities of data to be stored and is characterized by a high degree of durability and security against unauthorized access and attempts to manipulate data.
The measures taken to achieve this objective embrace three major parameters: innovation, durability and the development of knowledge.
I also know that the laws of physics... would permit the theoretical possibility of time travel, but the limits of human endurance would prevent such a trip from ever happening.
Strength, speed, stamina, mental acuity, everything.
He had the same stamina that he had as the young boy that could run the 220s on the track team, and smoke everybody.
I mean, Antonio can do this thing with his tongue... and Williams stamina is amazing.
Oh, we had fun, Nate, but I need more than just stamina to keep me interested.
Your kung fu isn't bad but you've no stamina.
And the sons of Bold Ruler, they're long on speed but short on stamina.
You have four minutes to complete... the physical endurance portion of your police examination.
All that power at his disposal, all that stamina!
The stamina of this woman... through these past three or four days has been indescribable.
The sun was the most perfect circle, with no blemishes or structure. A perfect, flat, golden disc.
They estimated 100 yards from the left wing was this 100 foot disc.
'The sun was perceived as an immaculate' gold disc, perfect.
Herr Schnieder... the red disk indicates that the patient is dangerous.
The galaxy itself is a huge disk with giant spiral arms and a bulge in the middle.
A frisbee is a circular plastic disc that people throw at each other.
Markawasi, when he looked back down the valley, and there was a silvery disc in broad daylight, flying up the valley.
It is a cul-de-sac, so if we lure the Horseman in, we can use Banneker's disc to block his way out.
But for two centuries, astronomers were frustrated by its blinding disc.
As the puck comes off the ice, the left wing will always drop back.
When a puck goes into a corner, a Winetka comes out with it. - Yeah!
That's how you gain the confidence to attack the game... when the puck isn't yours.
All I remember is my dad racing up the ice with the puck, got up to the blue line, cut across the middle and then blasted it on the fly.
And that's # 7, Stan Marsh, skeating towards the goal, sort of, but he doesn't have the puck.
Bristow's got the puck, she crosses the blue line, she's at the top of the circle.
First they played with a square puck. But we had no helmets.
They've got a two on two situation as they hit the blue line, and shoot the puck in.
Ok, secret weapon, you get that puck past me and I promise I'll never say another word about you again.
He said the puck has more brains than you do.
Music is not a language. But some languages are music to my ears.
It goes without saying that English is an international language.
It goes without saying that English is an international language.
It shows that English is no longer the language only of the people of England.
Thomas Ayrton, honest seaman, falls in with a gang of cutthroat pirates and is cast away by them on this mysterious island with his tongue cut out so he won't reveal their secrets.
This is coupled with an undercurrent of prejudice and discrimination in many walks of life and increased use of racist language in public political manifestations.
Accursed be that tongue that tells me so for it hath cowed my better part of man.
Moreover, numerous studies have shown that a high proportion of businesses lose significant market share because they literally do not speak their customers' language, especially where it is one of the lesser-used languages.
I can't emphasize enough that French is a smiley language.
There are approximately 40 million people in the European Union who speak a regional or minority language, for example Catalan, Sardinian, Basque, Breton, Gaelic, to name but a few.
And they play violins. Handmade violins. With only one string.
She wanted to play something nice for him, but one string wasn't enough, she needed three more.
This is a triple-nickel, antioxidant, special- order string we get for just one customer.
A guitar string would slice a wafer-thin sliver of bone as tommy dropped to the ground.
Denial's a natural part of grieving, but you have to accept she's gone.
- Denial... Anger, Rebellion, Depression, Acceptance.
That kind of emphatic denial with stress on every word is a sign of condescending deception, doctor.
Because this silence betokened... nay, this silence was not silence at all, but most eloquent denial!
Denial, anger, bargaining, depression, and finally, acceptance.
Medicinal cannabis laillistaneiden state public opinion - medical marijuana prohibition is not only cruel or unusual: it is insane - deny sick people medicine to help them.
These may include, in particular, the prohibition of forced labour or the involvement of public authorities in monitoring compliance with legislation on working conditions.”’
• The monitoring of State aid(e.g. the prohibition of a State grant designed to keepa loss-making firm in business even though it has no prospect of recovery).
The prohibition of all broadcasting of advertisements for medical and surgical treatments of a cosmetic nature on national television networks thus appears to go beyond what is necessary to protect public health.
The identification, prohibition and, where appropriate, fining of hard-core cartels will con tinue to be given the highest priority in the antitrust field.
(a)the prohibition, as between Member States, of customs dutiesand quantitative restrictions on the import and export of goods,and of all other measures having equivalent effect;
— the prohibition of forced labour (ILO Conventions 29 and 105);
With respect to the application of Articles 85 and 86, the identification, prohibition andfining of cartels represents the Commission's highest priority.
In Article 3, point (a), the word "elimination" shall be replaced by "prohibition".
Prohibition of charges having an effect equivalent to that of customs duties (Articles 9(1) and 12 EC)
Blackmail may be effective at times, but it's never fun.
The blackmail he tried to exert by agree ing to do his best to stop the massacres if the authorities submitted to his conditions proves his full and complete complicity with the terrorists.
Do not forget that blackmail and intimidation are the weapons ofthe weak.
Look, for the record, emotional blackmail doesn't really work on me. You know? But I have to say, it's kind of nice to see Miss Havana Nights got a soul after all.
There will have to be a stable majority it the Commission's proposals are to be implemented, and Parliament will no longer be able to make do with the kind of fluid majorities that expose it to the risk ol blackmail, particularly from eurosceptic or anti-European groups.
I'm even willing to forgive your boss that nasty little word "blackmail."
What he didn't tell Daniel was it was blackmail.
Extortion, blackmail, and a confession to money laundering, all recorded.
And let me tell you, Favell, blackmail is not much of a profession. And we know how to deal with it in our part of the world, strange as it may seem to you.
Assault, attempted murder, extortion, possession with intent, witness intimidation.
The Maoists continue to commit severe human rights abuses, including beatings, killings, bombings, abductions and forced indoctrination (including of children), extortion, intimidation, and the use of child soldiers.
Not exactly a face that screams "extortion" and "embezzlement," is it?
Luckily, violence is not the last resort. Extortion is.
Of course, your real expertise lies in extortion, smuggling weaponry to warring colonies and slave trafficking.
Scandal, public humiliation, extortion, theft, murder.
Take a look: "Criminal damage, aggravated assault and extortion".
We have accomplished two of the functions that the name SPECTRE embodies, terror and extortion.
Khouri's a real piece of work armed robbery, extortion, felony, assault, kidnapping, negligent homicide.
Assaulting a distinguished member of the business community, kidnapping his daughter, extortion...
You put a mysterious blue box slap-bang in the middle of town, what do they do?
Yours is a big blue box. No one's gonna notice.
That old box will collapse and fall apart before Luke calls it quits.
A temple made of wood, and yet the sibyl foretold that the box would appear at the time of storms and fire and betrayal.
It wasn't a perfect catch... and neither was mine.
Great. Nice catch, Hayes. Don't ever fucking do it again.
(BOTH GROAN) And Williams and Norton collide, and the catch is blown!
Spectacular catch, and the Owls are hanging in there.
And, of course, this being a wedding, there was one more catch to go.
Your teammate attempts to assassinate me... - ... and all you can say is "nice catch"?
When you arrive at Tar... you'll wear a golden crown upon your head.
Those remaining out side are the Swedish crown, the Greek drachma, the Italian lira and the British pound.
Take a look at yourself here, in a worn-out Mardi Gras outfit. Rented for 50 cents from some rag picker with a crazy crown on.
If the crown was the motive, then Webster probably has it.
The Crown is a hereditary monarchy, while the House of Lords consists of unelected hereditary and 'life' peers (although reform of the House of Lords is currently being considered by the government)1.
Two moles high on the inner thigh... and a gold crown on a back tooth.
Nevertheless, the Danish government has kept a side door open: the Danish crown will participate in EMSII, with narrow fluctuation limits of 2.25%.
The Greek drachma, the Swedish crown and the pound sterling did not participate in the ERM during the review period. However, the Greek drachma entered the ERM in March 1998, after the close of the review period.
It's only an English King may sit there on his ass with a crown between his eyes without knowing anything!
By end-February 1998, the Swedish crown was trading at 4.42 per German mark.
You could buy one tomorrow and still have one krona left over!
It follows from the Danish EMUexemption that the Danish krone is the only legal means of payment in Denmark, i.e. the right to make payments in Danish kroner in Denmark is stipulated by law.
Population: 5 547 088EU member since 1973Currency: Danish krone (DKK)in ERM II since 1 January 1999
Danish krone: ECU 134 million DKK 1 000 million
Means of payment consist of monetary gold, special drawing rights, currency and transfer able deposits.
The gold is worth what it is 'cause of the human labor that went into finding it.
Father wears silk garments every day, and a golden helmet, and his lance flashes like gold in the sun.
On the other hand, if we run off with the gold and leave you still alive... we've got sense enough to know that you'll keep looking until you find us.
Gold, gentlemen, which can be melted down and recast, is virtually untraceable, which makes it, unlike diamonds, ideal for smuggling, attracting the biggest and most ingenious criminals.
Means of payment consist of monetary gold, special drawing rights, currency and transferable deposits.
- You wanna slip away for a minute, love?
Afraid all day doesn't work for me when I'm slowly bleeding to death, love.
ashley, love, pumpkin, blossom, apple... why don't you go ask carlton or hilary?
Behave. - I'm Woody. I'm sorry, love.
Well, love, I was entertaining the thought maybe you and I could head on over to my place, you know?
I just thought you might get some background stuff. That's all, love.
- It would be easier if you just came with me now, love.
Fish, there's brekkie inside if you're hungry, love!
You can call me Ruby or love or anything, but never late for breakfast.
Now, Mr. Barrow, it's the end of the month and we need to be settling up.
Hardly. One of my P. A. s quit an hour ago, and I have to reshuffle next month's schedule.
You stop nowhere. Rent is due by the end of this week, and you still haven't paid me in full for last month.
Third month, you're looking through old phone numbers, old girlfriends...
He paid 2,000 a month to shut her up.
The daily amount of sickness allowance is 65% of your daily average earnings in the last six months preceding the second month before the month in which the incapacity occurred.
A couple months into training, he was accused of assaulting a female cadet.
And, thank heaven, in matters where vital interests of the Member States are at stake, such as fiscal policy, unanimity is still required, so there js hope that damage limitation can be successfully pursued during the next six months.
Fitzsimons (UPE). - Mr President, the introduction of the single European currency into the European Union is now only a matter of twelve months away.
Under certain conditions, it is possible to retire two or even five years earlier than indicated above, but in that case, your pension will be reduced by 0.5% for every month you retired before the normally applicable age limit.
Why is the Moon larger when it rises and sets, than when it is high in the sky?
The moon was shining bright upon the clearing, and there in the centre lay the unhappy maid where she had fallen, dead of fear and of fatigue.
The moon shone on it, and it looked like a great shimmering ice-field, with the heads of the distant tors as rocks borne upon its surface.
Vaguely I could discern the black bank of the trees and the lighter expanse of the moor, for the moon was behind the clouds.
Then, as the moon rose we climbed to the top of the rocks over which our poor friend had fallen, and from the summit we gazed out over the shadowy moor, half silver and half gloom.
And a thing that shows you what shape the moon is.
And then you came to a park and there was a dark tree and a yellow moon.
The sun shall not smite you by day, nor the moon by night.
"The moon and I know that he be faithful.
I am no politician. But I will plead this cause until the moon wanes and the night brings forth a new day.
"I have in my pocket a manuscript," said Dr. James Mortimer.
When we typeset a manuscript, it's usually 300 words a page.
So they smuggled out the genuine Liberale manuscript, and now their buyer is nervous.
It's called "Fire It Up. " Here's the manuscript.
Manuscript completed in January 1995 Publisher: Office for Official Publications of the European Luxembourg, 1995 ISBN 92-826-94S5-2 Cataloguing data are given at the end of this publication
Do you have any idea how valuable this manuscript is?
What ifthat manuscript... wasn't in this cell when we tossed it?
It's the cleanest manuscript I've had all year. Damn.
The Tara brooch, dating from the mid-eighth century is an exquisite example of metalworking technique, and The Book of Kelts, an illuminated manuscript of the four Gospels, is another medieval treasure of calligraphic design.
"Dear reader, if you find this manuscript while I yet live,
Anyway, the script is so ghastly it could never possibly be released.
Script: Benoît Coppée Illustrations: Nicolas Viot Technical production: Qwentès
Well, I've gotta write the book first, John. Then, you know, they get somebody to write the screenplay.
Script : Benoît Coppée Illustrations : Nicolas Viot Technical production : European Service Network
I don't know what was most disturbing - his description of the inner-core reincarnated souls' sex orgy, or the fact that the whole thing is written in screenplay format.
Songs, dances, the script, the scenography and all costumes were developed by the pupils.
You know, hon, when you rewrite a script, it just gets better and better.
You know I happen to have the script right here with me and on page three, for example suppose the Elaine character comes in wearing a low-cut dress and the butler is very distracted and can't work.
OK, now, all I wanna do now is to read easily through the script, and, frankly, I'm not too familiar with it myself.
Based on the novel by Inoue Yasushi screenplay by Hashimoto Shinobu and Kunihiro Takeo
Construction and operation of gas distribution network in Mexico City Consorcio Mexi-Gas
Construction and operation, at Lörinici power station, of gasoilfired opencycle combustion turbine to supply peak load power Magyar Villa mos Müvek Rt
(b)The choice of a PPP concession model capable to capture different phases of the project (deployment, operation, commercial exploi-tation)correspondsindeedtoalongterm strategic vision and planning.
C The establishment, operation and interconnection of computerised systems for management, monitoring and evaluation
While operation of JRC facilities by external companies does not appear as viable, access to a facility with its technical support staff could be granted on a short-term basis following standard contracts.
The 1996 reform must adjust the instruments of the Union so as to guarantee the improvement in their operation in the Union as it is now and in the Union that emerges from next enlargement.
The results from the next major experiment will form the basis for the construction of a first power station, producing significant amounts of electricity, to demonstrate the safe and reliable operation of a fusion power plant.
Q ITER construction and operation: decision to amend negotiating directives adopted (—» point 1.3.70).
As initially notified to the Commission, the operation would have led to the strengthening of the existing collective dominant position on the Spanish wholesale market for electricity.
Development, introduction, operation and maintenance of own applications or systems based on standard products adapted to the specific needs of the clients, namely:
- Smartphone usage is... is one of the leading, uh, causes of catastrophic...
Drug usage seemed to decline in quantitative terms in most European countries during the 1980s.
- Controlled usage is not usually fatal and abstinence is not immortality.
The method used for estimating trigger times often depends on whether the tool usage is continuous or intermittent:
Now, do you understand that this is not an FDA-approved usage?
Whereas in many countries the usage of seatbelts and child restraints has been on the rise, there is still considerable room for improvement, in particular for back seat car passengers and
Have some illegal cheese. No cell phone usage on City Hall property? That's not fair, my cell phone is how I avoid doing work.
- Are you sure? Chest pains, dysemia, high-stress individual, probable steroid usage.
Despite increased usage of cellular devices an estimated 4.5 million residents and 2 million visitors still utilize pay phones on a regular basis.
Make a good translation of the sentence that you are translating. Don't let translations into other languages influence you.
Translation is like a woman. If it is beautiful, it is not faithful. If it is faithful, it is most certainly not beautiful.
This was a translation of copyrighted material, so I deleted it since copyright owners have the right to control derivative works.
The translation isn't complete yet... but it's clearly not counterintelligence secrets.
Where the original language is not one of the official languages of the Community, a translation into the language of the proceeding shall be attached.
I signed a statement assuming it was just a translation of what I said.
Any supporting documents expressed in another language must be accompanied by a translation into the language of the case.
Is this translation right? "Go home, bird teacher.
The same is true for paragraph 31. The Greek translation of the text must be corrected.
It's a translation, in sonnet form, of one of Martial's epigrams.
And one, cross two, three, four, five, turn, six, seven and eight.
One, two... three, four. Turn.
"On the first landing, which was as small as the necessary turn of the stairs allowed, there was a niche in the column, about half a yard wide, and in this niche, the prince felt convinced that a man stood concealed.
You need instinct... because every turn, every lane change, every bridge... raises the risk ofbeing seen.
And they'll... Just, like, one wrong turn, the whole buffet is, like, right off the table.
We are in the town of Ishpeming, and I think it's just maybe one more turn and then we're on Main Street.
That last wrong turn brought you in here, didn't it?
Anyone could have done it. A simple phone call a simple wrong turn, and you're off the track moving towards a destiny you never imagined.
Sometimes the only way to go forward is to take a big left turn.
You know, it's hand, hand head, head up, pas de bourrée, pas de bourrée big turn here, rond de jambe... Slide, step, step and jazz hands!
Europe must therefore cease being an economic giant and a political dwarf.
If the dwarf holds his seat, he can, indeed, see further than the giant.
Europe is running the risk of continuing to be an eco nomic giant who is only a political dwarf.
Then an ugly dwarf appeared, jumping around, doing pirouettes.
I suggest you take some rest and recover your strength, Master Dwarf.
- Well, the Dwarf is dead... and... me too, I don't believe in ghosts.
The dwarf searched the palace for the princess' room, but he saw something awful in one of the rooms.
You've got one religious maniac, one malignant dwarf, two near-idiots... And the rest, I don't even want to think about.
- Yes, that dwarf's tricky but he's blind too.
What business does an elf, a man, and a dwarf have in the Riddermark?
The strange midget said he was in the lounge.
When it is placed upon the royal brow, the midget will strike, putting out the King's eyes with his little thumbs...
It says here we should turn left at a fat chick in a tutu being fed by a midget.
That psycho midget's been riding my ass to finish this screenplay I've been working on for the last two years.
Maybe there's a horny midget eating' her heart out, waitin' for Pee Wee.
I mean, Imagine a warehouse where a little midget fella is driving a forklift.
Like a midget at a urinal, I would have to stay on my toes.
Yeah, but you're not disabled if you're a midget. That's just small.
So I got to hope there's a black midget in the crowd.
So the midget says to the bartender: They call my friend, the human hard-on, do you know what they call me?
This department is not interested in any policy that inflames the community or leads to cops' deaths.
Reinforcement of the control department of the National Agricultural Intervention and Guarantee Institute (INGA).
Beautiful. So far we have ... half symphony orchestra. A Department of Physics Two Nobel Prize winners.
I need you to stay that way, otherwise this whole department's a goddamn joke!
The partner universities concerned examine at the appropriate level (department, faculty or other) whether there are teachers who fulfil the criteria mentioned in the Guidelines for Applicants and who are willing to spend a substantial period of time abroad (two to six months).
He not only wants you to continue with your case, but he wants me to organize a permanent department for research into reincarnation.
The ministry in total employs 221 persons and the Department of Fiscal Policy of the Ministry, which is responsible for the drafting of legislation on indirect taxation has 11 employees.
Therefore this department will unfortunetaly be closed in three month time.
It thus appeared that the decision to invite candidates for interviews was made by the department,not the shortlisting committee.
I'm the same color... as the department of motor vehicles... and you... look like a flower.
The Texas Military Academy or a facility called VGA.
If a facility exceeds its emission standard, it must compensate for that surplus the following year.
In fact, my team will stay here until this entire facility... is either cleaned up or cleaned out.
The whole plant is open for visitors, especially schoolchildren who can organise special‘green lessons’ there.
This is a military facility! No one has access to this stuff!
Parliament commends the Commission and the European Investment Fund (EIF) for the strong progress that has been made in developing the take-up of the SME guarantee facility in particular, and in increasing em ployment and employment prospects.
No, the Rand facility is part of an underground bunker complex that was strong enough to survive our last missile attack.
Unloading urban waste at the Nostián plant (Corunna) on the primary marine sector: ‘Mussels are still our number one marine product.
It's a real hoot to be here, to... bless this modern facility - amen.
It states that the possession of a small amount of cannabis for personal use (no more than three grams or one plant) by an adult should lead to a simple police registration only, if there are no aggravating circumstances.
You missed that Hitchcock picture playing back there a little while ago, but a flock of these little guys just tried to kill me.
They will listen to my voice... and they will become one flock with one shepherd.
You would be too, if you had a flock of no goods hanging on you.
To have our entire flock taken from us is almost... beyond reckoning.
And the hunters won't be a threat and the flock will be safe.
The train trip had increased my appetite, and soon b and I started a club that we called the little flock.
He said that they must have come aboard when the flock or swarm thing passed over us.
So you're saying Moe is Dumbo his bourbon is the giant ears and we're that flock of racist crows?
And without her, we're but a dying flock of vigilantes with no hope of ever being reinforced.
The Righteous Flock denounces you. You have no part in this.
If that herd stays fit as it is now, we'd be in clover the rest of the way.
- Jeez, that's awful. - That's not true. lt was only half a herd.
So, let's start the pilot project now, and then, uh—Thank you— in another few years, you'll have a little herd of cows on every rooftop in Kowloon.
The herd breaks up and now it's easier to target an individual.
I figured on a small herd, but not as small as we have.
Listen to me. The herd is leaving on the 24th, with or without her.
Three thousand, to be exact, and it's the best herd you'll find anywhere.
Ruth is always trying to get me to make more friends, and I guess I can see the logic in that because in the same way that a herd of antelope protect each other, in a certain way there's safety in numbers.
I don't know about you guys, but we are the weirdest herd I've ever seen.
I don't know about you guys, but we are the weirdest herd I've ever seen.
- but you'll never belong. - You'll never be anything more... than a bunch of rejects here on a free ride.
Bunch of fucking morons I don't know how any of em got elected they blame me for it like I...
She told me in complete confidence that a bunch of old dudes down there are drafting a declaration...
I'd think there was a bunch of sixth graders in here.
This isn't a club, it's just a bunch of people with shared interests hanging out together.
Just a bunch of old coots from the neighbourhood here I cannot believe you people have nothing better to do with your lives.
Bunch of fucking eejits, working and paying taxes.
I think I'm watching a bunch of... assholes get teary-eyed about maybe the biggest asshole in the history of assholes.
You think you're a winner because you got a bunch of idiots... up your bomb diggity butt?
Believe it or not, there is a bunch of politicians around here, in Washington.
To capture the other team's flag... and bring it back here safely to base.
The samples are analysed every two weeks during the bathing season, and beaches and harbours that meet the highest EU standards are awarded a blue flag.
No running lights, just the diver's flag.
Page 29 will help you to recognize the countries' flags and initials.
They run up a red-and-white flag on the yacht when it's time for cocktails.
And so, on the grounds of those overwhelming victories at both Lexington and Concord, I rest my case that the flag is the property of Mr. Christian Shotley.
This is a copy of the deed of sale. It's made out to include everything that was in the church at the time, which, naturally, will have included the flag.
Muffled drums and dirges... a coffin and a flag wrapped in plastic... to protect it from the rain.
The supplier must provide the following information at the earliest possible date: name and flag of vessel used, loading date, expected date of arrival at port of landing, any incident occurring while the products are under way.
The Legion sent a Colour Guard to the funeral. The coffin was draped in the American flag.
And the ideal reply would be a ticket to something that's bound to happen at a certain place at a certain time.
This applies, for example, to paragraphs 9, 10 and 11 of the resolution, which contain recommendations about where the ticket shall be stamped when a person has bought dutyfree goods.
Here I be a free man in my Sunday clothes with a first-class ticket to ride in my hand.
But it is our duty to ensure that those passengers who are denied seats, even though they hold a valid and confirmed ticket, or equivalent, are compensated for the inconvenience they suffer which can be extremely severe.
I was at the train station, ticket in hand and I thought "What am I leaving this place for?
[Cash register rings] you take this money, and you buy yourself a ticket, and then you come back here and you report to me and tell me everything about her.
And I want everybody to know... come on out, buy a ticket to see the Hulkster... because Hulkamania is gonna run wild.
If you don't like it, go buy a ticket to somewhere.
$300,000, a new identity... a passport, a ticket to Paraguay.
Room and board free, fifty cents a week for cigarettes, an occasional ticket to a show or a concert.
Because in one of those law books of his, there's a whole section on lewd conduct.
Finally, within the framework of the IGC, the Dutch Presidency is seeking to promote an agreement to equip the Community with the instruments required to improve the coordination of employment policies thanks to the incorporation in the Treaty of a new chapter devoted to this issue.
Comrade Iranoff, go to the public library... and get me the section of the Civil Code on property.
On the subject of employment, we have a new chapter and a legal basis for measures to stimulate it.
And now, as Elmyr leaves that story... and a chapter in ours comes to a close... things may well be looking up just a bit... for his biographer, jail or not.
I shall conclude with a few words on the institutions: the third main chapter of the negotiations is institutional reform.
Chapter I contains information about applications for Community plant variety rights received by the Office.
But it is not a Treaty chapter on employ ment which will create jobs but a better business climate, and that means among other things better laws.
This morning's reading is taken from Matthew, chapter 18, verses 10-14.
49 is the smallest natural number with the property that it and its two direct neighbours are not square-free.
What is it? Any number that can only be divided by one and itself.
A large increase in the number of cases notified to the Commission under the Merger Regulation took place in 1994.
It was announced today that total American casualties in Vietnam now number 4877 including 748 killed.
They differ in the number of protons and neutrons in the nucleus; for instance, carbon has 6 protons and 6 neutrons and uranium has 92 protons and over 100 neutrons.
We've still got 21 left. lt's a good number.
I recognize that the Rules do stipulate that the number of subjects must be limited to five, but these are sub-items in the human rights subject that we are talking about. So you are both right and wrong.
Less than half of the number ultimately killed, 58,000.
Copenhagen.Beijing and Rome,t a large number of countries adopted common valuesand principles and identified priority objectives.
When a girl tells you how many guys she slept with... multiply it by three and that's the real number.
And Tina and Jaz are Hispanic, not white, so that's another category.
Where "LIMITE" documents are concerned - by far the largest category of document - there will be no change in their preparation other than the allocation of the new reference.
The final category, Number One proudy niggers consisted nowadays ofTimothy as expected who was of course not there, and elizabeth?
This first category has been subdivided into two groups depending on whether the aid was granted through the budget (A1) or through the tax or social security system (A2).
You choose a category and a question... and every time you miss, you strip.
It should not be necessary to indicate the animal's category and the minimum maturation period in Stage 1 of compulsory labelling (01.09.2000).
The 1970 Decision therefore established a third category of own resources to finance the Community budget; VAT receipts have gradually become the main source of Community finance.
The appropriate coding category is chosen in accordance with the victim's knowledge about the work status at the day of the interview.
International Classification of Status of Employment(24) – ICSE-93 – that allows to breakdown the category « employee » (code ‘3’ of the ESAW variable).
The category of creation of a joint venture could be split into the creation of joint ventures that obtain their production capacity from their parent enterprises and other joint ventures.
- "Won't anyone borrow you a pen?" - "The class choose him as president."
But to tell you the truth, Miss Strapford I think you and that book and this whole class be a bowl full of shit!
Man, I'm so nervous. First and second grade were easy,... ..but social studies, division?
Class II: expenditure of a social nature incurred by railway undertakings in respect of family allowances different from that which they would bear if they had to contribute on the same terms as other transport undertakings
My dad says third grade is the foundation of my education.
You can split up the class into 5 groups.
From pharmacist's mate second class C.E "" Doc"" Jones to Lieutenant Anderson.
First class, on the Enola Gay... me, and Ruby, and Sirhan, and Ray... and Tippet, and Jack, and Bobby, and King, and Medgar, and Malcolm.
The result of this activity is considered production by the national accounts system, and for this purpose and for certain surveys this class has been included in NACE Rev. 1.
Class of'74, I was just leafing through your permanent records... when I discovered something shocking.
The source of all her power. And she will use it all to stop you.
Passengers are no longer just numbers, no longer just a source of revenue, but real people with real names, real lives, real families and with real value.
No. I'm talking about a pain that's so intense the only way to stop it is to have its source removed.
Mandrake, water is the source of all life. Seven-tenths of this Earth's surface is water.
Mr President, knowledge will become the most important source of work and prosperity and that knowledge will become outdated more and more quickly.
But I will show you now that it can be a source of great power.
Salt is used to transform the taste of food and bread is the single largest source of dietary salt.
I would disown you, or I'd disown the God who is the source of all wisdom.
The sale of TV rights is an important source of income for associations and clubs organizing sporting events.
But that is not the reason why we should fear them. That is not the source of their power.
And this means not only tracking our rates of use but the rates of earthly regeneration as well such as how long it takes for, say a tree to grow or a spring to replenish.
I actually have no interest in the Fountain whatsoever, so, if your heart is set, you may drop me off anywhere you like.
Here it is written that the Fountain of Destiny lies within easy march.
"Price is a fountain of nothingness when compared to one man's dream."
Dr Farallon, the plans call for the particle fountain to lift 500 kg per minute from the surface.
But there is a love... that is like a spring coming up from the earth.
If it fails, we'll still have time to shut down the fountain.
The location she mentioned. Trees maybe... a fountain.
There's a spring here, but you'll never make it.
If he came to Romarins... he'd locate the spring in a flash!
The proper reply is pawn to E6, freeing up the king's bishop.
What is he talking about, "Bishop takes rook pawn?"
Your bishop has moved one space - weakening the centre and not threatening any white pieces in any serious way.
Not only did he move the knight to the side of the board, but also it could have been captured by a bishop, and he would have had a very ugly-looking... double pawn way over on the side of the board, which,
The bishop takes G4. And play the gambit, ease them into the game. Nice and easy.
In today's game... bishop is safe on F-3.
Somebody has to think it through, be three moves ahead before he moves one piece, and you are a very valuable piece, like my bishop.
This, it is the white bishop from the chess set, the exact piece that Dr Savaranoff was clutching in his hand when he died.
A blockaded bishop is of little value, but I think you mean a pawn.
Castle, pawn, knight, bishop, rook...
He told me that Satan's messenger is traveling amongst us.
This is your wake-up cassette... and this is something that came to the office for you by courier.
Whatever it was, it was important enough to kill the messenger.
You weren't here so the messenger left it with me.
The courier's still unconscious, but his vital signs have stabilized.
Well, maybe the old guy bent down to pick it up, and that's what caused the bike messenger to swerve.
A bonded courier delivered it to the judge just before 5:00... and her bailiff signed for it.
Ambassador of darkness. Flitting out of his cave like a winged messenger. Sightless specter of the macabre.
I figured you'd be the only messenger who wouldn't be afraid to come here.
Thirty-two-year-old courier, ataxia, anemia, mild cough.
And at the end of the first period Jonathan's goal gives Houston a 1-0 lead.
It is not the fault of the team, that's my Walter goal, it is my responsibility!
- P.J. said there was a goal to every game, an end point.
With the score tied 4-4, the next goal will decide the championship.
The game is tied at 11 apiece, which means we'll go to sudden death, where the next goal wins.
As a family with one common goal... the rehabilitation of ourselves and... our communities.
Kaisla, the referee, indicating that the goal stands and the period is over.
One on one, that should have been a goal.
Well, 48, but yeah, that's the goal.
Is that 2 touchdowns, a field goal, and a safety?
Now, the paint's not totally dry, so don't let Randy slide across the hood like he always wants to.
This enterprise oers alternative construction methods which make use of natural building materials such as: clay as plaster; wall-ll, natural and mineral paint; as well as harmless insulating material, floor covering and plaster.
Maybe the paint has shut off his pores... and he's slowly suffocating.
-New paint, new cabinets, new floors, -a new microwave, new silent dishwasher...
The paint on the mullions is cracked on the outside, not on the inside here.
Or what would be really neat is a paint that could change the molecular structure of a house... like a chemical acid deal.
The old paint's still good, but that fella's just set up a business and needs a good start.
Actually I had it painted yesterday... so the paint might still be kind of sticky.
As a colour, not as rust. You know, like rust-coloured paint or wood.
I spilled a drink and the paint ran and everyone could see my dong.
On my world, we have learned an inauguration is simply a signal to assassins... that a new target has been set up on the firing range.
It's a good marker to guide you. But only a marker, not a target.
It was an easy target and therefore a suitable demonstration.
It's a non-nuclear strike, which suggests that it's a secondary target.
Otherwise, the target would have been disabled. The Thunder wouldn't have been forced into a dive.
But with a target like that... If a man ain't awful careful, he could make a mighty serious mistake.
Well, it just proves what I always say, a good Samaritan is nothing but a good target.
The target is symbolic as this is the base from which you would leave Washington.
With our limited equipment... it'll take three trips to carry enough bombs to destroy the target.
Only make a better target stopped, so... run all the way.
As I see it, they only have one chance.
The Commission has strongly supported the work of Cypriot women from both communities towards peace which resulted in March last year in a conference held in Brussels under the title 'Women speak out: give peace a chance'.
Something tells me I've got a better chance of survival if I go to the police.
With this proposal, we have a chance to give many farmers the incentive to switch to organic methods, while at the same time benefiting the environment.
(Marnie) Oh, please, let me have a chance to prove myself, Mr Ward.
We now have the chance to come up with a viable solution, as I believe the rapporteur, Mr Malerba, has also recognised in his report when he calls for cooperation.
Instead, those concerned should be given a chance to complete their ongoing structural adjustments as quickly as possible.
You've got no choice because you only have one chance.
We have a chance now, but I think we can and must have quite a bit more before Thursday.
Give me a chance to sneak in and get her out, before you come charging' in.
After that, down the line, maybe a shot at the title.
Peter says I may have a shot at the English prize if I read Beowulf properly.
By the way, I do think you and Rachel have a shot.
Hazel, I-I know it's a long shot, but... we can hope, hm? Goodbye.
Well, Arthur, I don't like to be critical, but that's more than a long shot.
If Jeffrey isn't in there, we've ruined any shot we have at a legit arrest.
Hey, Gil, I got a real shot with this team.
I'm thinking there's one and only one shot at getting that truck back.
What you call a risk I think is our only shot.
This was America, where everybody had a shot with everybody.
The girl here in the house has a carpet I have to see.
The carpet was soaked and it forever smelled of peppermint.
A carpet with tufts made from both artificial yarns and cotton yarns and wilh a jute backing is a mixed product because three basic textile materials are used.
And that has blue carpet and blue walls and a blue ceiling and...
I would have thought that you'd live in a place with thick red carpet,
Now, take your Galloway. I mean, it's like a carpet with four hooves on the corners.
I don't want the rug pulled out from under me so close to the finish line.
Where's the red carpet the lackeys with candelabra, the trumpeters?
Little committees popping up, red carpet for Percy wherever he goes, tripping the light fantastic in Whitehall!
Will you put some towels under the ice sculpture, so it doesn't ruin the rug?
This is a nice small town. You're experts at being neighborly, But some people thin that laying down the welcome mat makes you a doormat.
And that focuses me back on what I should be doing, lay out the real mat on the world and how it is.
It's a fairly new mat and some of its fibers came off on his shoes.
You see, it would be this mat... that you would put on the floor... and it would have different conclusions written on it... that you could jump to.
And how hard is it to put a bath mat down, Bin Laden?
In our civilization, we believe in always keeping an open mind.
“A creative mind is open to change, and change is what we are living,” he says.
I shall never understand the process by which a body with a voice suddenly fancies itself as a mind.
It's very stimulating for a teacher to find a student with an inquiring mind... you know, someone who challenges her, asks questions.
Watch Cheeta, the chimpanzee with the human mind, who will risk her life and limb for your edification and entertainment!
However, if the facts are there even the most harden skeptic, provided he has an open mind, must finally acknowledge the actual existence of the supernatural. Do you admit that Mr. Holmes?
Every crime has a personality, a something like the mind that planned it.
Apparently, the mind is never too ill to make jokes about psychoanalysis.
Since very early, the children they prepared the body and the mind to serve a bigger cause of what proper they:
That made more sense now than "Strength through joy" or "A healthy body means a sound mind".
We have blankets for your comfort. I also have hot chocolate... -...if the mood should strike you.
And then we went home and fucked each other's brains out, which put us in a pretty good mood.
I'm just not in the mood for bacon, and you are obviously trying to avoid talking about Kutner, which is odd because you spent a whole week obsessing about why...
You pour maple syrup all over your body and ask her if she was in the mood for a short stack?
Me, myself, I'm not in the mood for cunt today. But I imagine Marley here would like to entertain you, privately, in his quarters.
I just got hit by a cab, and, boy, am I in the mood for crab legs.
You're gonna invite me to all of your fancy parties, set me up with all your single friends, and, well, if I'm ever in the mood for muffins, you're gonna bake 'em for me.
And if you're ever in the mood for the other kind, you know where you can find me.
When the Captain is in a good mood torture her mother.
"The raft is doing good. We are on the way and morale is high. "
‘Not only do we now have higher staff morale and lower sickness, it also significantly benefits the retention of existing customers, and it is a real differentiator when winning new business and helping the company to expand.’
Every time an order is questioned, every time dissention is allowed to state its case, there's a corresponding decrease in overall morale.
The army is still experiencing disciplinary problems and its morale remains relatively low.
Now the army's morale is strong and it all hinges on her!
It's about undermining your enemy's will to fight, destroying the morale of his troops, sending the message that fighting back is useless... because the battle is already lost.
These troops are in high spirits, and the morale is high.
He boxed and returned those noses, instantly crushing his opponent's morale
I understand that morale's taken a hit on the flight deck
What with the screaming and people catching on fire and all, by the end of the week,morale was pretty low.
One of the first things they teach you is that morality is a private and costly luxury.
To borrow loosely from Brecht, first bellies are filled, then comes morality, and we know that capital is a great shark, and when it makes a killing in international business, the leftovers are few.
I don't mean to cast aspersions on a dead guy, but, uh... Mr. Morality here?
These include public morality, public policy, public security and the protection of health and life of humans, animals or plants.
Power, ideals, the old morality, and practical military necessity.
I liked the conventional morality especially when you're in love.
You're no mere human being ruled by emotion and feeling, torn between morality and love!
They try to be one- one heart... one morality.
Your laws and your morality... all that "good," "bad"... that ain't got nothing on blood.
If a guy can't blow up his best friend, where's the morality in the world, Cap?
The longer the transformation is delayed, the more he'll revert to a baboon's natural behaviour.
This change in your plans, Sir Guy in what way could it require Tarzan's help?
I think this change is a move in the same di rection as your concern.
I think a lot of people who were close to him... saw that he was getting ready to go through another phase... that would have been a strong change, and it would've been a different Jimi.
New guidelines and, in our view, a farreaching change are vital.
Did you really expect social transformation to be anything other than a murderous process?
This enormous change was accompanied by the dismantling of capacity required by the European Union; against this background aid was authorised in 1992.
Instead, it was made by the men who recognized that change means progress.
It is a new rule, but it is not a change to the agenda.
I have reason to believe that 16 years ago... a minor alteration was performed... throughout the entire 8,000 cubic miles of its own fabric.
You know, tough transition, but I'm starting to feel better with it. - Yeah?
As enterprises, workers and consumers world wide are awakening to the opportunities of the digital economy, there is a growing realisation that the transition has barely started and that a vast number of challenges remain to be addressed before potential benefits materialise to the fullest.
Your family and friends will admire you for your ability to make that transition with style and flair.
As enterprises, workers and consumers worldwide awaken to the opportunities of the digital economy, there is also a growing realisation that the transition has barely started.
And a problem is, as the infection spreads, the transition becomes permanent and less active.
They must ensure that the banking system observes its commitments and that businesses respect dual pricing, which will be essen tial in enabling the citizen to understand the transition.
And with one letter difference, it's quite easy to just do the transition there.
If this awareness doesn't develop, I'm afraid the transition will be wrenching.
We know the United States, the world's greatest consumer and source of waste needs to make a transition to a greener future.
I know how difficult this transition has been for all of you.
For men, they can cause acne, hair growth, raised cholesterol, shrink your testicles and lower your sperm count, which could even make you sterile.
All we really got to do is put a little safe in here someplace and let them know the count comes here from now on.
Source: Count of contracts (host actions) and FP6 report (Individual actions).
And when their white blood count drops, they think they're dying again.
The osteon count in the femoral joint confirms the donor was over 60.
The count was up to nine in Nevada, 12 in Boston, six in New York.
My red blood cell count has dropped precipitously and almost every one of my major organs is close to collapse.
But he could still have a low sperm count.
- Go check his white blood count. If he's fighting off a virus like you think, it'll be way up.
I'm going to join the snipe hunt- if you don't mind- before the body count rises.
And stuck there is a staggering amount of miscellaneous data, mostly useless.
This huge, almost completely automated 24-hour facility illustrated clearly the sheer volume of goods flowing through the port and the rapidity with which goods could be transferred from a cargo vessel onto the back of a lorry on the motorway.
The liquid will be rapidly decomposed and so violent will be the action that a large amount of light...
Given the amount of paper we have received this morning, if these votes are going to continue, will the President look into the provision of extra trunks for Members in future to allow us to get the results back to our offices in Brussels?
It was his first offence after all, and the amount had been small, less than one ounce. But the jury saw it's duty.
We must remember, too, that the amount for the export refund for live animals has declined in recent years in comparison with meat exports, so clearly the refund is not an incentive to increasing exports of live animals.
According to preliminary data, Sam Metcalf died as the result of a minute amount of an as yet unidentified toxic substance in his bloodstream.
The amount actually allotted to each journey can vary according to the destination (e.g. for projects which involve high cost destinations in the Russian Federation ( i.e. Moscow, St. Petersburg) an actual cost system can be used).
Then what you're saying is... that the amount of plutonium inside me... could be three times less than you even think?
Finally, the arbitrators also gave a clear indication that the American estimate of damage will at least have to be reduced by the amount of indirect damage they have wrongly claimed which should, in any event, reduce the total damage by half.
I'm in front of the gate. To my left there is a small triangular screen.
Secondly, like the rapporteur, I believe that the dual price display system of the euro alongside national currencies should be introduced as soon as possible in the retail trading environment.
What about a flat screen? Premium cable. One of those little fridges.
You need to find anything that resembles a schematic Or... or an active display, Possibly indicative of the power transfer.
That I had the audacity to suggest that a poor man's self-respect mattered more than your public display of wealth and influence? What would you know of a poor man's self-respect?
A concept in 1ST that presents what should come beyond the current "keyboard and screen" interfaces to enable ALL citizens to access 1ST services wherever they are, whenever they want, and in the form that is most natural for them.
And when I wake up, the screen is usually frozen. And Anna's face is in some funny position, like:
Online assistance and the display of error messages increase the userfriendliness.
Clicking... double clicking... the computer screen of course, the keyboard... the...bit that goes on the floor down there...
So, this technician brought in a computer and a screen, and it was like the - it was basically like Pro Tools or something.
The evidence is mostly circumstantial, but unless her death is ruled a suicide, I'm sorry, Mr. Ewing, it doesn't look good.
This evidence from the observers has led the Commission to examine, together with other donors, future support for strengthening of the Electoral Commission, to ensure more effective performance in future elections.
Now I'm not like Mr. Sykes. I work hard for my money. But with evidence like that, today I won't have to.
One of the main driving forces behind the emergence of sustainable development has been the evidence of global and regional problems caused by emissions to the atmosphere.
We have a evidence that you raped and strangled Linda Svensson. And that you murdered Marianne Svärd. ls that so?
As the scientific evidence of climate change hardened further, the EU launched an ambitious strategy that will both sharply reduce its emissions of the ‘greenhouse’ gases warming the planet and increase the security of its energy supplies.
The film shot at Bergen-Belsen by the British cameramen reveal every level of humanity to a much greater extent than any other of the film evidence.
(b) the evidence of the checks carried out by the delegation and presented to the Head of Delegation for operational endorsement of requests for funds is insufficient.
I know you think I'm convincing myself, but this brain has been hammered for years, meaning evidence may be subtle, but it's there.
4.5 The Committee of the Regions believe that scientific research to facilitate further restrictions on the use of hazardous substances should be expedited and incorporated into legislation once sufficient scientific evidence can be demonstrated and the necessary consultations with key stakeholders completed.
This war that they're talking about, is that like a call to revolution? Or is it more like mythological expectation?
Declarations Declarations give public expression to a position, request or expectation of the European Union vis-à-vis a third country or an international issue.
For now sits expectation in the air... and hides a sword, from hilts unto the point, with crowns imperial, crowns and coronets... promised to Harry and his followers.
The major expectation regarding the LAG’s performance is that a well-founded and diverse project portfolio leads to visible and tangible achievements.
"Often expectation fails and most often there, where most it promises."
With the passage of time, that legitimate expectation is tacitly transformed into a subjective right in the event that the beneficiary is not informed of the existence of any suspicions of irregularity.
And with that comes an expectation of how "good girls" should behave.
Declarations give public expression to a position, request or expectation of the European Union vis-à-vis a third country or an international issue.
If the only thing keeping a person decent is the expectation of divine reward, then, brother, that person is a piece of shit.
"And the expectation must be" "that they shall be unwilling. "
And it may sound crazy, but he said it was the worst three weeks of his life, because it's not the lightning that kills you, it's the wait.
Including Bassman, for whom I'm sure this wait - in no favor.
Drive up here wasn't too bad, but the wait at the border, getting through customs was a nightmare.
I wanted black but it was like a six-week wait!
Oh, just that, um... You won't ask for a refund if you think your wait for true love is too long or too short.
But then someone outside my door they said since I was no longer a child, the wait was over that I'd be dead soon.
But I can assure you, it's worth the wait, because this right here, this is an all-star team, and we're playing for you.
If Coop can make this one, the Beers' long wait will be over.
There was a slight drizzle, I remember that, but the wait wasn't interminable.
So, take solace in the fact that your brother's wait is over.
Hence, the chain was reproduced: the director and her team.
And now that the director has distracted the audience with these totally extraneous vignettes, he reluctantly returns to the plot and another new character.
A director is an artist, and as such she is surrounded by the producer and a solid professional team to ensure the success of the project.
The director, Andre, is coming down tomorrow... with Bo, Loni, and Farrah, and nothing's been set up.
Former film critic, writer, film researcher and director known to the young German cinema world, she made Männer (1985) which was an astonishing commercial success with over 5 million film-goers in Germany viewing it.
Alan Yates, director famous for his documentaries on Vietnam and Africa.
Actor, writer, singer, director, and television, theatre and film actor (19631999).
I called you three times, Mr. Rubinick, about the way the director's interpreting this role.
I have just finished shooting a film by the director Joaquim Leitão called Adam and Eve, which seems rather novel to me and which tells the story of a very competent but stressed television reporter who wants to have a baby.
It also awards an annual prizefor the first or second feature film by a young director which has beendistributed most widely outside its country of origin.
It was weird knowing my mentor could be fired tomorrow.
- The European pathway will be monitored and supervised by a mentor, who has the task of assisting, informing, guiding and monitoring trainees during their European pathway.
- Alan is a great mentor, but there's nothing going on.
3. the European pathways shall be monitored and supervised by a mentor.
She's shown tremendous promise, and you've been an exceptional mentor. - That's why I want you to be the first to know
The trainee's European pathway is completed in the host establishment abroad, in accordance with the schedule established in advance, and is monitored and supervised by a mentor.
I had been a caring and compassionate mentor and she threw it back in my face.
The document provides details of the person undergoing training, information on their ongoing vocational training, which includes the European pathway, and details of training periods abroad (host partner, mentor, etc.).
I was hoping you could be Fiona's mentor.
No speeding tickets or parking tickets, and he is a mentor to a fatherless boy in Tempe.
Joong Bum, you check over the VIP's schedule.
I should like to say at the outset — as I will be repeating through the evening — that I shall have to be strict with regard to speaking time, since we have a very tight schedule which will take us late into the night.
Schedule was online, so anyone who cared would know exactly where the kid was at the exact moment.
To ensure that you do not miss anything important, either on the European Parliament site or on the EbS network channels, the Schedule gives you information on forthcoming meetings and provides a selection of audio and video programmes on current affairs.
However,it points outthat the schedule for the completion of the shelter implementation plan,which had been foreseenfor 2007 has been significantly delayed and isnow envisaged for the third or fourth quarter of2008.
[Sighs] There's this, um— this program in Hartford,
The Council began by taking some months to complete its deliberations, without any regard for the decisions of this House; it then high-handedly amended the programme as it saw fit; and finally it asked the Legal Service to clear up any procedural questions.
Hi! I'm standing up here 'cause that's what this programme's about: shock! Yeah.
• a detailed analysis of the procedure of granting CPVR was made by a special working group inside the Technical Unit, with the aim to develop new special software and a database;
Computer, save the program of the character Moriarty, then discontinue.
The Commission-backed programme intervenes for its part in support for the introduction of alternative income sources to coca, in improving coUective infrastructures and in initiatives in favour of preserving natural resources.
My brother and I run a privately funded programme, to rehabilitate culturally disadvantaged people.
This kind of programme can help create an internal market for renewable energy sources in the European Union and therefore also open up major export opportunities.
In fact, by the time this programme comes out, I'll be doing the new James Bond film. So there's no need to write in.
It also means that we have no right to talk about this programme as if it were some kind of hobby horse of Mrs Fontaine or Mrs Cresson, or of the Commit tee on Culture.
Psilocybin, a hallucinogenic property possibly synthesized from psilocin mushrooms.
The study need only be conducted if: — based on structure, surface activity is expected or can be predicted, or — surface activity is a desired property of the material.
For Anders, this property blurs the distinction between a chemical and a living thing.
Radioactivity is a natural property of some of the atoms from which the earth is made.
It's not just another positive property of Coke - something that can be described or pinpointed - through chemical analysis - it's that mysterious 'something more'.
(b) the intrinsic property (properties) of the substance referred to in Article 57;
Now, something about this rock, according to Leyton Scott... some essence, some property, some secret scared the shit out of the Cadre... scared them enough to want them to ban the whole damn manned space mission. - Shut it down.
The subject matter of such an application which is, in actual fact, a mere property of the product concerned is capable of taking on a multitude of dierent appearances and is thus not specic.
Axiom 1: A property is positive if its negation is negative.
Where sufficient weight of evidence for the presence or absence of a particular dangerous property is available:
If you have a quality, you should be proud of that.
Much progress was made over the year in the area ofregional cooperation. While the quality and dimensionof this cooperation depends to a large extent on thecountries themselves, the CARDS programme hascontributed substantially in key areas such as tradefacilitation and development of regional infrastructures.
But then there's another quality, which is the ability to use intelligence.
Caudron (PSE), in writing. - (FR) Common sense is not necessarily the most commonplace quality in the world.
Ambition can be a valuable quality here in Washington as well as in life, but unchecked, it can be unhealthy, if not dangerous.
A quality seriously lacking in most of the men at the Agency, who, as you can imagine, tend to be rather secretive creatures.
You know, not an attractive quality in a woman, Leonard.
I mean, Sam's most redeeming quality is that he can bore you to sleep and then you can use his lips as ginormous pillows.
It's a quality I hope you'll pass on to our child.
She's Cuban, she's got tattoos, and she's into me, which, as far as I'm concerned, is the sexiest quality a woman can have.
Don't worry, boy. This won't be an execution, merely an education.
- agreement on objectives and priorities for the new generation of education, training and youth programmes and for the ESF after 2 000
In response, the Americans made science priority number one. The Government poured money into science education.
Deprez (PPE), in writing. - (FR) To say that quality education and training lie at the heart of the struggle for de velopment is indeed a truism.
But it's not his teaching that's so remarkable. It's the man himself.
You know, using seduction wasn't in any AF training manuals I've read.
I will, in this matter, support amendment No. 3 which encourages Member States to draw up their own action plans for education.
And if all else fails, well, hey, there's Adams, where education goes to die.
Children must be able to attend school to get the education and training that will give them a future.
My father wish to give sir this to put on path of good teaching.
However, the basic lesson we must take away from all this is that we must be responsible towards those who are going to vote for us in the very near future.
The moral is, the lion was so happy he gave Hercules this big thing of riches.
BSE has been an expensive lesson for Europe and one that cannot ever be repeated.
I think the moral is that everyone should take a day off now and then, and if you meet a pretty girl, kiss her.
The moral of all this is, of course, that to turn a management team into a dream team is a challenge and an ongoing process.
Touching your patience, Ancient Pistol, fortune is an excellent moral.
It was a salutary lesson for me that, in spite of all the efforts of the Commission and the efforts of the Parliament, in practical terms it is still very rare to find true effective competition at local level for the domestic consumer.
We should remember this lesson when the Treaties are next revised and come to an agreement once and for all on the scope of Community powers.'
Perhaps the lesson we learned from this near-tragedy will prevent it from happening elsewhere.
Now you must wear that coat as if you were proud of it. Teach him a lesson.
And this bit: "Now I see the perfect hideous logic" "of the orphanage."
Have we been a bit slow, and not keen enough on bringing out new legislative initiatives?
The crucial bit are these chains which encircle the rod.
Although there is quite a bit from my own life. So I suppose that, technically, some of it is non-fiction.
What I'm going through, just a little bit, is what you live every day, right?
Hey, uh, Brandon, let's take that next bit up and see if Nessa can hit it, all right?
After the explosion, all that was left of his dad was, like, a kneecap and a little bit of nut sack.
- Hell yes. That's why I'm calling you. That bit about the wish and the soldier coming back.
I'm told there was a separation of residence recently so that last bit will be important.
Just remember how comforting it'll be to look around this magnificent home and always see a little bit of Edwina in everything.
But that's not the whole picture. Tatoeba is not just an open, collaborative, multilingual dictionary of sentences. It's part of an ecosystem that we want to build.
I'm sure that all you fine people are interested in knowing just what portion of this new land will be your new home.
- part II: Outstanding replies to the questionnaire sent to customs authorities in the Member States from France, Germany and Denmark (panaché version only)
Each of us is part of the greater whole. Always under surveillance.
It originated in Sweden, where the appointment of an Ombudsman by the Parliament was part of a constitutional reform that took place in 1809.
His story is more than story, It is the story of the mountain man, of the giants who walked the west and became part of out history.
CEDT welcomes the initiative taken by the European Parliament to examine the problems in the transit regimes and we hope to be able to contribute to at least a part of the solutions.
Part of a Scotch castle that needs to be unwrapped.
The cessation of the existing independently conducted identity checks is acceptable, because such checks are to be part of the future inspection system.
"Give me the portion of goods that fall unto me. "
If you've done your experiment correctly, the melonic acid should react to the potassium iodate exactly when the first movement is over.
BoogerdQuaak (ELDR). (NL) Madam President, I had not realised I would be getting one minute more, but I shall use it primarily to raise the question of freedom of movement for workers.
Are you folks familiar with the raw food vegan movement?
A shared anthem, the which was begun just after prelude to the last movement the Second World War is still of Beethoven's Ninth very new. In the past, efforts
The first movement of the brahms... It is torture. But it is the struggle that makes... makes the joy of the rest so sweet.
That piece that you're riffing off of, it's nomion's third sonata, second movement.
Also, the king vs Porter in volume one of the king's bench division reports, 1942 at page 153.
Lastly, in industry and the service sector, individual loans signed during the second quarter brought the volume of activity up to more than 200 million.
Welcome to positive affirmations volume three, success and money.
The Panel of experts had delivered its report (Volume 1) on 4 February 1997 to toe Commission, toe EBRD and to the US government which have contributed to its financing.
Volume 2, Chapter 6 of Category 1b of the occupation code: 'All alcoholic beverages are exempt.'
Index to the Official Journal of the European Communities Monthly Index Volume 2: Methodological Table
I,m gonna write that down in my journal of amazing things Hayley said, volume three. - I,m going to the kitchen.
There they were, the love letters of great men, volume one. Plus one more written by John James Preston.
Just look at the volume of trade crossing the Atlantic, which is not only enormous but also fairly evenly balanced.
"Zimmerman's encyclopedia of extinct languages volume 1:
That little patch of border he's headed towards... is mostly deep canyon.
Seelix, check the pressure. If that patch holds, we're gonna equalize in a few minutes.
This has got to be the most magical patch of real estate on the planet, right?
My patch is almost in. - She's still not getting any air.
Be that as it may, it's the only seat left, so get in there!
Other interest groups (8 seats) Environmentalists: 3 seats (WWF, Seas at Risk and BirdLife International)Aquaculture producers: 1 seat (Federation of European Aquaculture Producers)
I heard it was the seat of Kim In-sook 30 years ago
For meetings of Council preparatory bodies (Committees and Working Parties), each delegation shall have one seat at the table, unless stipulated otherwise.
Every time you got hurt, I got a front-row seat to watch you shut yourself off from the rest of the world... And from me.
It also decided that the seat assigned to the German Community should be made available by one of the two main Belgian Communities (Flemish and Francophone) on a rotating basis half-way through the Belgian CoR delegation mandate.
New water poses problems for the youngsters but they know where to find a dry seat.
Atleast the same amount should be added from the European Development Fund to secure a seat on the board of the Global Health Fund and thus anactive role for the EU.
And then she knew David wasn't coming and there's an extra seat, so you know.
Should the President's seat become vacant. the first Vice-President shall act as Presidenturtil a new President is elected.
An orchard surrounded it, but the trees, as is usual upon the moor, were stunted and nipped, and the effect of the whole place was mean and melancholy.
I feel that Tatoeba has become a very warm and cozy place for us, language lovers; especially for all those of us who can grasp and learn languages relatively easily and quickly.
"Queer place, the moor!" said he.
Tatoeba: the only place where the use of different apostrophes is controversial.
It is the stoniest part of the whole moor. Is that a place where a shepherd would be likely to take his station?
So ultimately, with Tatoeba we are only building the foundations… to make the Web a better place for language learning.
"But why should you wish to go into so horrible a place?"
If you are one of those who love to translate, Tatoeba is the right place for you.
We better check our position with the photographs, Sir Thomas.
If the same efforts were directed towards helping cure diseases, solving world hunger and environmental degradation then the world would be a far better place and there would be little justification for military blocks, armed to the teeth with weapons of mass destruction.
I'm stagnating, Jen, like a packet of crisps on the roof.
One letter and the packet goes to Aunt Pat. The other letter stays here with me.
But I have the packet, so I'm clearly allowed to have them.
Every single packet that flies through the multitude of wireless networks and through the internet is listened for stored in memory and retransmitted, ie it's copied from one, what's called network segment, to the next our immediate environment now, our immediate ecosphere is so
Quite alright. I always carry a packet of bubble bath in my purse and I'm getting on swimmingly.
Just remember if I don't make a certain phone call to Switzerland every week, a very nasty little packet of information is going to be delivered to the enemy.
The packet with the five figurines costs a tenner, so that makes it...
All right, so we got one packet of M-Cat with potassium chloride.
And the parcel was still there, it had never been opened.
Böge (PPE). — (DE) Madam President, Commissioner, Mr PresidentinOffice, for us the Agenda is a package.
I'm expecting a small package to be delivered to me here but I can't wait.
That is why I hope, Commissioner, that you will be able to accept some of these amendments and that this package will help us finally also to have a European railway system.
However, I'm somewhat new to the area and this particular parcel was quite bulky so at the suggestion of Tina...
The agreement on a new financial framework for 1993 to 1999, reached by Heads of State or Government at the Edinburgh European Council, was by no means the end of the negotiations on the Delors II package.
When it ended, I was walking around... feeling like I was a package of broken glass.
The forthcoming emission limit values will be a policy package allowing Member States the freedom to decide for themselves how they achieve the required cuts in emission levels.
Is the sex in the package male, or not?
Chapter 3 — The reform of the Community's finances — The Delors I package (1987-92)
Stop hiding like a quivering handmaiden and bring me the Book.
On the outskirts of town, the Princess' handmaiden was in dire straits, so Her Highness sent out a call for help.
So that is why it is to be understood that the Pope far from being a descendant of St. Peter is a sinner, a hypocrite, a handmaiden to the devil the living Antichrist on earth.
And the sacrificial victim isn't just a handmaiden, she's wearing a chieftain's helmet and holding a shield.
Think you would've looked at me if you knew I was the maid?
And so the young maid came upon each and all of Bluebeard's missing wives. Their severed heads still bleeding their eyes still crying!
Then the maid comes in with strawberries and whipped cream. They all eat a nice dessert.
my meemaw always told me that a lady should be a chef in the kitchen, a maid in the living room and a whore in the bedroom.
I thought this maid's thing was about sex.
- In the lobby of the hotel, when I first saw Lady Horbury, she was accompanied by her maid.
A maid comes crying to you with information about the royal baby and now she's dead.
- He ordered a taxi for the Gare du Nord. - He was terrified that I might discover that also she was the maid.
One of them and so by the clever subterfuge of sending the maid for a glass of water, I believe that Miss Kent took the nightdress from the laundry basket.
Tatoeba: Where nothing ruins a passionate night of sentence-making like a poorly placed comma or, even worse, a careless typo.
That number's so big, it has a comma!
The alchemists believed a creative work has a sort of life all its own, independent of the creator, comma, straddling the worlds of matter and psyche, of both and neither.
With Spivak's genome sequencing now complete, comma, markers for a cartilaginous skeletal structure and several cold water indices can be isolated and identified.
"that we cannot accommodate the Central Plan with our sizes," comma... "we would like to apologize for that." Full stop.
"Dear Burly, comma, I've never written to a registered trademark before.
Only I can take my wife to bed, comma, and make her laugh.
The sedation of the boy was unfortunate, comma, but in his condition, as necessary as his witness to the work.
No, it was a comma in the sentence.
..subcutaneous mucous glands, comma, which further suggest amphibious rather than reptilian genesis.
The Great Red Spot is three times bigger than Earth, but it's only one of a whole class of large storms.
Little clouds moving along, swept up in the red spot, then it would spit them out again.
David's liver had a big, black spot on it.
That's the site of the injury, that dark spot.
'Here was a planet vibrant with life, 'it had its own great, dark spot, 'white clouds floating in its atmosphere.
Jupiter, with its strange bands of cloud and its great red spot, a world crackling with radiation we can hear from Earth.
Push the straw down to the root beer at the bottom, and then you suck up the ice cream and the soda simultaneously to deliver the perfect blend of sugary goodness, like so.
Take the vial, tap some on the mirror, take the straw, just inhale it through your nose.
Look, Maya, I got you a cup for the car with a straw.
"Dear MacGuyver... "Enclosed is a rubber band, a paper clip, and a drinking straw.
If you have a milkshake and I have a milkshake, and I have a straw, there it is.
I'm still gonna help you make your raincoat with the straw on it.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, and use props... a lipstick, a straw, a giant sausage, cucumber, candlestick, curling iron, rolling pin, carrot, parsnip, eggplant, um...
Mm-hmm. Well, while that was happening, the straw in her drink was pointed right at me.
May I go a step further and say that to me Emmett is the straw that gently stirs the Buy More drink.
And you're Count Suckula with a straw in your beard.
"he carries a hand-carved whistle... "from which emanates a melody people have taken to calling...
Easy to spot. Wears a whistle. Always guzzling beer!
You were so mad Edmond was happier with his whistle than you were with your pony.
Yeah, you said, "Be careful, she's got a whistle now."
Is it a whistle that you blow to summon the real police - when a crime is being committed?
And I hit my head on the curb and cut my lip on my whistle.
but some gay guys are a guy in little shorts and a half shirt, and, you know, combat boots spray-painted green, and a whistle, and he's standing on the corner going,
I've been near there, and there's an industrial whistle.
Reggie is trained in zero-gravity martial arts and has a whistle.
I have a whistle in my purse.I didn't even blow it.
I couldn't make it out too clearly, because there was this bright glow. He had this white cloud all around him.
Acar rushes into the dump attop speed, throwing up a huge cloud of red andbrown dust.
The seventh night, when the cloud bursts the rain is one of salt and bitterness. All the bells ring out.
"It's like a black cloud sweeping down on me unexpectedly, cutting me off from others, a sort of deaf-muteness,"
SO, A DARK CLOUD OF BITTER RACISM , HOVERS OVER THIS TRIAL THREATENING TO UNLEASH A STORM
Larry, look. If those reactors melt down and dump a radioactive cloud on Boston, that's gonna damn sure kill your peace process and several million Americans along with it.
We were at 33,000 feet at this time, and the cloud was up there and continuing to go right on up in a boiling fashion - it was rolling and boiling.
But in recent days a cloud has appeared on the horizon of this beautiful resort community.
It sort of tastes like it's not there at all, just a cold cloud.
Then finally the cloud disappeared and I heard this voice say...
- Leading medical researchers, are coming to the conclusion, that marijuana, REAGAN PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN 1980 - pot, grass, whatever you wanna call it, - is probably the most dangerous drug in the United States,
Look, I get it, you're lonely, and the weed's got you all horned up, but, I got a girlfriend.
Put the weed in the fridge poppers in the freezer, smokes on top, bangers under the seats.
Here's a question just for you. What did the aging hippie say when he ran out of pot at the Grateful Dead concert?
the 'omegrown, the ill, the Mauimaui, the method, the pot, the shake, the skunk, the whacky - but is there other terms that parents should be aware of?
The drug itself is referred to as pot, tea, boo, stuff, grass.
It turned out that pot didn't help me escape my troubles too well anymore and I was actually enjoying doing rebellious things like stealing booze and busting store windows.
At 500 feet it will be just like a little dot.
A further Forum on the Transfer of Enterprises took place in Lille in February 1997, which examined both simplifying and supporting measures at the transfer stage (see point 1.1.5.)
About four times more distant from the sun than the Earth is, we hit a point where water would condense and become a solid.
You better do as she says, because wherever the red dot goes...
NB: The dot shows the central estimate, while the line represents the uncertainty range or 95% confidence interval.
okay, type "tinsel. "comma. buttmunch. period.
(') The cicero is a typographical measuring unit (Didot system) which is divided into 12 points (a point equals approximately 0.376 mm).
Each dot on the spiral represents an increase in distance by factor 3.2 giving a tenfold reduction.
Hope he's finished before the yellow dot gets to the red one.
Tony's been the one bright spot in an otherwise dreary day.
The most vulnerable road users – pedestrians, cyclists and motorcyclists – are safer too, with heavy goods vehicles now required by law to fit blind spot mirrors.
Mmm. Brother, you're driving the "I want to have sex with her" truck, and it's got a huge blind spot.
We were getting warning signs for years, a radar black spot.
There isn't by any chance a cold spot in this room, too, is there? No, there isn't.
This whole galaxy... the whole universe... used to be compressed into a tiny spot this big.
is it true there's a spot on your tummy, and if I tickle it, your foot will shake?
This is called a scotoma, or "blind spot." We all have one.
Don't you think it's odd she'd have a blind spot she wouldn't have noticed?
We just need to find that spot where the flow changed course.
Torment, loss, betrayal, pain, suffering, age, indignity, hideous lingering illness... and all of it with a single conclusion for you and every one and every thing you have ever chosen to care for.
EU deadlines come to term, namely the conclusion of the he Commission's 1997 work programme, presented to the European Parliament in October by European Commission President, Jacques
Either way, whether it's perfecting the formula as a treatment or a weapon, we need to gather as much information as we possibly can, which brings me back to the same conclusion.
We were able to get a conclusion, not absolutely what we wanted but sufficiently meritorious to command the support of this Parliament on the concept of affordable price.
In conclusion, it is our opinion that Constance Bolkonski should be tried for conspiracy to overthrow the government,
We have already consulted the ACP, and the firm conclusion is that what is needed is a developmental approach.
Once it's been reverse-engineered and retrofitted to the engines of an entire armada, the outcome will be a forgone conclusion. That's never gonna happen.
It follows from the foregoing that Article 5 of the Regulation is not applicable in the present case. Contrary to the applicant's assertions, that conclusion does not entirely deprive that provision of its substance.
There's been discussion on the subject of who's going to be your best man. And I thought it might be the moment to bring the subject to a conclusion.
The priorities are quite clear: in three days' time, in Berlin on Thursday, we must bring Agenda 2000 to a conclusion, and we must ensure that the Commission crisis is quickly overcome.
- Yes, sir. This is a hard decision for you to make. Gonna miss Abby.
This decision was published in the Official Journal of the European Communities on 12 January 1996 (C 7).
It was not decision that drove me to the crate, but reflex... as instinctive as the spider's.
This decision was based on the importance of the topic for the members of the EVO and was also induced by the precedent effect which the EP has created by using its inquiry right for the first time.
This is the most important decision in the man's life.
After examining the appeal, the board may exercise any power within the competence of the Office or remit the case to the Office which is bound by the board's decision.
It's a difficult decision, Mr. Bogardus... to decide that there'll be no more St. Mary's.
After examining the appeal, the board may exercise any power within the competence of the Office or remit the case to the Office which is bound by the board's decision.
Now, I've got a decision to make. And I've got to make it alone, and I've got to make it in a hurry.
The decision about whether or not to finance those services is for all the obvious reasons best taken by competent and accountable authorities in Member States.
I should go to court and get an order forcing her to let me see the child.
'An order made by a court in the context of divorce proceedings will fall within the scope of the Brussels Convention if it can be regarded as having maintenance as its essential object, notwithstanding its form.
She funneled the money into a private Panamanian account, which can only be frozen if you have a court order, unless... it's a little tricky, but I can do a little work...
The legal basis of the scheme is the Industrial Development (Northern Ireland) Order 1982 aswell as the fund contract and its operating guidelines.
She didn't do anything, but the point was, there's a court order against Royce making any contact with Ryan whatsoever, either directly or indirectly.
I have the order as a mayor, I would bring the city counsel.
Article 19 states that the order will enter into force only when the Netherlands Minister for Finance has accepted the guarantee referred to in Article 5.
Well, I have a court order here that says... if you don't get Nell's informed consent, you're violating' her rights
1469; ‘the Order of 1969’), authorisation to open and operate an artificial insemination centre may be accorded to natural or legal persons.
Since 2000, the Council, following a proposal from the Commission, issues specific recommendations to Member States, in order to complement the Employment Guidelines.
That whatever the Truman protocol was, somebody has worked very hard to have it completely erased.
Here I should mention that it is part of the remit of the Committee on External Economic Relations to discuss whether a specific protocol on research and technological cooperation detaUing the sectors concerned, should be included in each new association agreement that the Union estabUshes with third countries.
There's a court protocol from 1820, I think about a beach rider accused of collaborating with wreckers.
The protocol of the Amsterdam Treaty on this matter of extradition seems to me to resolve the.matter satisfactorily in the context of progressive construction of an area of freedom and justice.
According to prosecutors should be the law the right to subscribe to a session on the protocol -And send it Parole Board.
The Amsterdam protocol on the institutions with a view to enlargement of the European Union, together with the declarations on the subject, provide the framework for the intergovernmental conference, but we might indeed have to go further.
The protocol on the bodies of the Union which is annexed to the Treaty of Amsterdam, as well as the relevant conclusions of the European Council summits in Luxembourg, Cardiff and Vienna, have established the framework for our reflections.
The protocol that will create the necessary legal basis is still being negotiated.
It calls on all parties to honour their commit ments, including the ceasefire protocol signed on 25 May.
The fourth protocol, signed on 12 June 1995, provides for a sum of ECU 74 m for the period 19951998.
Now, by rights we should start with the company secretary - that's me - reading the minutes of the last meeting.
') Agenda for next sitting: see Minutes.
The minutes of each meeting of a committee shall be distributed to all itsmembers and submitted to the committee for its approval at its next meeting.
') Communication of common positions of the Council - Membership of Parliament - Membership of Parliament - Action taken on Parliament' opinions and resolutions - Referral to committee - Forwarding of texts adopted during the sitting - Dates of next part-session: see Minutes.
') Membership of committees - Responsibilities of committees - Documents received Texts of agreements forwarded by the Council -Petitions: see Minutes.
I would therefore be grateful for any instructions you can give to have the minutes corrected about this.
- Death was not a boundary but a beginning of her ascension to her heavenly home.
Bulgaria has a long border with Greece and is on the traditional route from the Middle East to Central and Western Europe.
I understand that if you get bail, it's easy to get across the border.
It is in fact incomprehensible why different rules should be applied in so vastly different a way to identical valleys, divided only by a border, between the North Tyrol and the South Tyrol.
This is the border of the kingdom of Galirad let her say farewell.
If the border between Denmark and Germany is abolished, people will go to Germany and buy cheap petrol and heating oil.
They are searching the docks and already the border has been closed for a week.
Due to its common border with the EU, north-west Russia will become an area of special interest to Tacis, with a number of projects ongoing from the 1995 Programme.
Who you apparently lured back across the border, where he was wounded while being arrested, and subsequently murdered that night in the hospital.
This Finnish-Russian border, from the Gulf of Finland almost to the shores of the Barents Sea, is some 1,000 kilometres long,
The line is so easily crossed, an absolute ban makes sense.
And I don't know where that line is any more, between me and it.
We must draw a line between what are children's rights and what are private matters of family policy and childcare.
Listen, we've got to draw the line someplace and you ain't gonna sleep next to us.
□ every effort should be made to adjust existing taxes, particularly VAT, so as to bring them into line with developments in electronic commerce; no new or additional tax should be envisaged;
The line between life and death was blurred, crossed, then totally erased.
Over the next few years, a clear dividing line was drawn between thefinances of governments and centralbanks.
Upgrading of the PlovdivDimitrovgradSvilengrad rail line Republic of Bulgaria
There's a fine line between trust and stupidity and there's people you don't trust cos they will stab you in the ribs.
The control line may be a rope or tape or a natural feature of the building or site.
And... And I still got the lip ring anyway, chica.
Each ring in turn is composed of several finger-thick, 18-centimetre-wide sheet steel strips each sculpted to fit the twisting design.
You think I forgot that certain night in 1997 when a certain 17-year-old told her Dad that she was going to the mall with Marsha Ford? Her Dad bumps into her on Navy Pier in the company of a bum with a ring in his nose.
Ltd produce ring binder mechanisms in the People's Republic of China.
I fight the bulls and... sometimes I play house. But the ring is for the bull's nose.
It all seems so simple, but you can't get the ring on the bottle because it's fucking rigged.
Teal'c, the only way we can bring you aboard is with the ring transporter.
The playing field is the Milky Way, the ball is the sun during the December solstice and the gold ring, is the "Dark Rift" in the Milky Way.
This is a ring that my mother had given me.
It was then that we saw that he had a ring around the leg.
We were supposed to play a gig in Knife River, but a tire on the van crapped out.
An example would be A and B creating a joint venture for the development and, if successful, joint production of a cell-based tyre.
I say, I think this is how you change a tire. But what do I know?
You think because your voice is higher you are entitled to service every time your car blows a tire?
Don't you think Manny knew that his client was planning to shoot out the tyre? No.
If the rear tire holds, the impossible can be achieved and Andy will be at the front of the entire Baja 1000 field.
But last night, he's on his way back from his acting class when, bam! Flat tire on his motorcycle, right across the street from Quake.
I've spent the whole night with two guys who consider picking their faces a hobby... and I got a flat tire on the way home.
According to Sheriff Dupray's report, when she got to the scene the tyre was flat.
For Chrissakes, Judy, it's only a flat tire.
Then... here's the prescription you gave me.
We should allow Mr Fourçans' prescription for a sound economic policy to form the basis of
Sounds like somebody felt a little progressive prescription might fix everything.
Do me a big favour there, Barbo, get that prescription filled for me.
Even if our killer had a prescription because of an allergy, he would have a very limited amount.
I have to take it every night... so I got an extra prescription filled so I don't miss it when I stay over.
As a nurse, I saw time and again that the best prescription for stress Is rest and good food.
I packed meds for a few weeks, but if you're there longer you're gonna have to fill the prescription.
I assume you told Inspector Clouseau that I have a valid prescription for the Vicodin.
She's got a removal a prescription for "Glucofash". No hits on the pharmacy either.
It's a family recipe, make you feel better, speed up the healing process.
Just imagine if you were a small firm which had developed a new product after years of research and then had to hand your recipe over to your rivals.
- Little recipe I picked up in Sri Lanka. - What were you doing there?
Interventions by public authorities such as the UK's Health and Safety Executive in the 'Recipe for Safety' campaign in the food and drink industry, designed to increase general safety awareness, led to a decrease of about 13%.
Unfortunately the recipe for that potion is in my spell book, and the little wretches have stolen it!
Jobs, sustaining good business and political good sense are a recipe for growth.
Not just how to make vichyssoise or calf's head with sauce vinaigrette, but a much more important recipe.
My Rice Drispie treats that I made for the reception they're not my recipe.
Those cookies were so good that I couldn't let you leave without giving me the recipe.
The recipe for duck á la banana fortunately goes with him to his grave.
When will dinner be ready? I'm terribly hungry.
Now you turn on the gas and I'll have dinner before you know it.
The dinner was delicious, and... that was quite a lark.
We watch TV in four separate rooms and we IM each other when dinner's ready.
You're going to be home at 6:00 every night... and you're going to have dinner ready on this table.
(Scots accent) There's a saying in these parts... When a man in a skirt starts strangling the cat... dinner is served.
You're gonna take your shower and by the time you've finished, I'll have dinner ready.
Perhaps a little supper will help you get over your huff
Howard - if you don't like your dinner, feel free to throw it around the house.
Well, his mother went on sitting there and talking to herself, and she began to get worried because he was late home from work, that his dinner would get spoiled.
"No, sir, but the food was gone when next I went that way."
Everyone says the food in this restaurant is both delicious and inexpensive.
Darn my socks... this is pigs' food, out of bed and make coffee, i'll give you a kiss... it's an honour for you to serve me, the world's greatest sculptor.
Only food containing live genetically modified organisms will be adequately regulated.
We are down to our last gallons, and we've only enough food to last until tomorrow.
Together with ne cookery, Europe’s food and drink play a major role in the cultural identity of Europe‘s peoples and regions.
All he has to do is wait until you run out of food and water.
In fact, while the biggest single category of household expenditure in most of the new Member States is food, people in the EU-15 countries spend the largest single part of their budget on housing.
A culture? With most of its people dead... the rest dying, the food poisoned... the air unfit to breathe. - You call that a culture?
I never had so much trouble swallowing food in my life... looking at that girl's face and that empty chair.
Just one more bandage. Then I can really hurt you.
Then put a clean bandage on it so it won't get dirty.
This bandage was clean when I first examined him, it's now stained with blood.
And this, this nice, uh, older gentleman with a bandage on his head... uh, gave me directions.
Through the stab wound, hence the blood-stained bandage.
She did have an Ace bandage on her right ankle. Nothing wrong with it.
The police are kind of like this bandage here.
He has a mysterious bandage on his hand, and we have and eyewitness who saw Todd drop the jar and flee.
He's covered with a sheet, and you'll see a bandage round his head which we've put there.
So, you just gotta remember to replace the bandage and put some of this on it.
I don't know how to describe it, but there's this connection, this bond.
Underlining that NATO re mained an indispensable bond, it stressed the importance of clarifying relations between the two military structures.
I know there's a strong bond between you and Ella, but... paranormal contact?
It's not love, but it is a bond.
It's a holy ritual, a sacred bond between a man, a woman and God.
There's a more fundamental bond between the planets and the stars.
Look, the bond between a father and a son... is complex and subtle.
So somehow a psychic bond was formed that went beyond the temporal.
I admire Poland, Madame, I believe that there is a bond between our countries.
I always felt that you and I have a special bond.
It seems like Rikard adores her. He thinks they have a connection.
In other words, even if the status as a national of the executing Member State demonstrates the existence of a very strong connection with that State, I am not convinced that it can
Yeah, my dad and uncle, they always had a very strong, serious musical connection, and that was something that made a profound impact on me.
Indeed, the link between uncoordinated fiscal policies in the European Union and its serious unemployment situation is becoming increasingly apparent.
As someone who has a strong connection to New Orleans, tomorrow Mardi Gras is for you almost, would you say a religious occasion?
As the most valuable link between Europe and SMEs; EICs inform enterprises, initiate them, advise them and assists them in all areas relating to Community programmes and policies.
I haven't found, uh, parenting to be the connection that trumps all others.
KOZŁOWSKI criteria enabling that place to be identified serve to indicate the strength of the connection of that person to life in the executing Member State.
Is it simply your last connection to that vanished world, his world, if you will?
14 Following examination of the relationship between Ruhrwasser and the companies by which it had been formed, the Tribunale considered that there was a 'close connection between Ruhrverband and Ruhrwasser which allows the latter to avail itself of the facilities and organisation of the former'.
He takes your bishop knight to c4 pawn to a7, rook to block.
And as to why the wanted you to close that place down... well, because you're a pawn in Executive's chess game.
Now if a pawn... makes it all the way down to the other dude's side... he gets to be queen.
And the one thing that I do know about chess is that there is nothing more dangerous than a pawn that thinks it's a queen.
- He's just a pawn - one false move and he's gone.
You could block... but you only got one piece left... and that's a pawn.
Yeah, that's right. Yeah, doesn't matter if you're a pawn or a king or a queen or a knight or a bishop.
The proper reply is pawn to E6, freeing up the king's bishop.
At the end of the game, the pawn and the King go into the same books.
Once the game's over, the king and the pawn go back into the same box.
On the summit, hard and clear like an equestrian statue upon its pedestal, was a mounted soldier, dark and stern, his rifle poised ready over his forearm.
And anybody who sits around and lets it happen keeps silent about something he knows has happened, shares the guilt of it just as much as the Roman soldier who pierced the flesh of Our Lord to see if He was dead.
A soldier who saw the lance thrust into his side.
This is the highest honor our country can give a soldier.
Oh, I agree. Soldier, poet, philosopher, musician, playwright.
Defend it? So he can become a soldier and be murdered like his father?
What are you thinking about? Something you said before, about a soldier not marrying because he doesn't know what condition he'd come back in.
I am determined to hold out as long as possible and die like a soldier, who never forgets what is due his own honor and that of his country.
Jerry, you're forgetting I'm a soldier as well as a priest.
Well, then I suppose the risk-reward ratio is too unattractive for you.
This ratio was much the same in 1998 as in the mid1980s, as the fall in unemployment and rise in women's participation has more than offset the increased number aged 65 and over.
A vector and its diameter are at a constant two to one ratio.
The present ratio between the resources for fighting longterm unemployment and for measures to facilitate the adaptation to industrial change is 80: 20.
Market research gave us the key formula... A 6:1 flake-to-raisin ratio.
In the selection of such products, account should be uken in particular of the ratio of cost to specific nutritive value and of the effect the choice might have on consumer habits;
Now, what I want to know is what is the ratio... of metal weapons to wooden ones?
No age-related increase in the incidence of these fractures has been documented in men and the age-adjusted female to male ratio is 4:1 (Cooper. 1996).
The ratio indicates the heroin's origin - in this case, Mexico.
Well, we've chosen these areas for maximum population density, so the ratio could be as high as 80%.
Your name's David Dalton, you live in Washington, DC, you're seldom there, you have a quote-unquote "unofficial relationship" with a former Department of Justice VIP named Archibald Hendley.
We welcomed the Council's clear understanding of the political nature of the moment and of the opportunity it offered to create a new relationship between the European Union institutions and its citizens.
This relationship. This thing we have. Whatever you wanna call it it only has two temperatures, white hot or icy cold.
Van Dam (I-EDN), in writing. - (NL) The relationship between the ASEAN countries and the EU, which has changed a great deal since 1980, certainly requires a new dynamism.
A man with that much hope and faith in a relationship is very rare.
It is logical that the Yemeni people should look to us for clear signs that we intend to offer them support and for suggestions as to how this relationship between the European Union and the Yemen can be developed further in the future.
"God grant you joy ..." Say, how is your relation to God?
However, one thing has certainly come out of this vote — the relationship of the institutions towards each other has changed.
All the writers, editors, photographers, all the girls, et cetera, we all have a very special relationship.
This is the reason for the new relationship between the European Union and the ACP countries that is now being negotiated.
There is a design for everyone, and I don't know how yet... but I'm going to break this one.
The consortium is made up of several businesses working in the eld of advanced informatics, engineering and community solutions whose proposed design met all the project’s needs.A large amount of technical work was called for in the original project specifications.
And that's what I want people to understand... that Death has this grand design that we all fit into.
If there is a purpose... if there is a design... if there is a way... after I'm gone...
When the design is completed coloured copies should be exchanged.
That design does not work once someone has stolen all of our money.
Analytical design is intended to signify the rough planning of a product or process according to its most important characteristics.
I had a plan, an intricate, ingenious design, and, strange as it may sound, it did not involve you blowing away your friends and taking over.
No,no,no. There is a grand design at work here, friends. And it grows even louder.
If there is a purpose... if there is a design... if there is a way... after I'm gone... I will call to you... and say your name... and send you a message.
Firstly, there is a reference to the obsession with the con cept of stability, the strict stability plan that has to be com plied with.
The scheme is excellent... but I hope you're not suggesting that I steal the woman!
I have an urgent appeal to the Commission: please present us with a plan for a genuine export strategy.
It's a stupid plan, but some excitement might keep me awake.
That is a pity, because a properly thought-out coordination plan would have been very helpful to all those involved and particularly small businesses at which after all the operation is ultimately aimed.
The plan is still basically yours but now it will be maximum effort land, sea and earth.
Instead, its only con tribution to future regional planning has been to produce a plan so bizarre that it can only be designed to fail.
Yes, yes, I'm sure Jennings has a plan, but escape?
There was no possibility or intention to do so: the meeting was designed to provide a plan and a direction for the future and to identify the issues, and that is what it has done.
What if I were to tell you that I've got a plan worked out to get it all?
Brothers of mine in soul and blood, the grief... heaven has sent upon us...
Brothers of mine in soul and blood, heaven has sent upon us to this world, grief... grief...
I have a feeling that heaven is unfair and is preparing for you and for me a great sadness because we have been given so much.
But if he finds it... heaven help us.
It's all wild and overgrown now, but for about five miles, you'd think that heaven just fell on the Earth,
And heaven help any member of your organization who indulges in rowdy or unlawful behavior.
Outwitting Batman is my sole delight my joy, my heaven on earth, my very paradise.
But what I always say is, it's a heaven for children.
It needed but this to complete the grim suggestiveness of the barren waste, the chilling wind, and the darkling sky.
It was a beautiful summer, and the sky was always blue.
But sometimes grass don't grow, wind don't blow and the sky ain't blue.
Because so much of the migration is concentrated in a relatively narrow channel in the Gulf of Finland, its skies are often filled with migrating birds in spring, offering a truly spectacular sight.
And all the time, that smiling sky and this unsounded sea,
Liittge (PSE). - (DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, unfortunately the limitless skies referred to at times by Pam Cornelissen all too often turn into a real hell.
The sky was bright and clear and Paul hoped it would be just as clear during the flight home.
No, my house is all out there, all one room with a sky for a roof.
The sky over the European Union today is an immense blue bond stretching from Las Palmas to Malmo, from Rhodes to Dublin.
There were blue skies and there was fresh air. There were things growing everywhere, not just in domes... ..blasted millions of miles out into space.
I noticed that Joaquin Aguilar comes to the race track when one of two horses is racing-- both animals are owned by Mariotti Farms, it's a stable and training facility in New Jersey.
Judging by the size of his stable, he could have a ton of horses in there!
You boys are worse than horses and I got a stable for them.
There's also a caretaker's house, a paddock, a barn, some very nice stables.
The only buildings on the land are these right royal stables, made just for Bucephalus, my king.
Kelly, you may have done a reckless thing, but you didn't create the situation the stables are facing.
No. It's a stable on the label and a cork on the stork. Dude, it's...
I ran porn theater, strip clubs, I had a stable, 20 girls working for me.
This is the peppery Pinot with the stable on the label and the stork on the cork.
We haven't any room, but we've got a stable.
"No.13" is the most expected team And they have Le Mans selected for their large return.
It was a team that had won of many world titles and Grand Prix and worked very hard by Ayrton, to give everything he needed to win.
And so another car had to be built very quickly if we were a functioning motor racing team.
There's a contract. The team gets X number of pounds, so they expect Guy to be professional.
Lots of other race team owners made themselves rich and beggared their teams, and Bruce had it the right way round.
And McLaren became the only team in history to have completed the World Championship Indy 500 double for two years.
There's another new Winston Cup team sponsored by Hardee's.
Remember when the economy was good and we had a table?
The Berlin-centred economy, which is currently collapsing leaves us no other choice than to declare Bavarian independence. Waiter, two more beers.
Firstly, economic competitiveness: if the European economy is not competitive, the social protection system wiU coUapse in the long term.
Clearly some slowing in the pace of spending was necessary If the economy was to progress in a balanced and sustainable growth.
Hitherto, the economy has been the area of choice for the appUcation of this close cooperation.
I'm not bragging, but I had a good living until the economy went in the toilet.
I wish I could give you a definite answer but jobs are hard to come by right now what with the economy and all.
And yet the European economy today is undergoing a genuine recovery, sustained by the efforts of the Member States to meet the convergence criteria as they prepare for economic and monetary union.
We take Swiss francs, we take German marks... we take Japanese yens... but with your economy sick like a dog, no dollars.
You can still have a functioning economy and preserve open spaces with a little planning.
I have been with Lord Burleigh for nearly 20 years because this household runs smoothly.
2 also likely to use 300 litres of water per day, while a single-person household is expected to use about
I'm not sure what you're doing, because you're being so subtle, but if you think a giant, slobbery dog is what this household needs, then color me gung ho.
The poverty line is a benchmark of income for determining whether a household is poor
This is the only household in the development that uses Diamond Star Cleaners.
No, I just-- you better bring some wine, 'cause it's kind of a-a dry household right now.
It should not be difficult to convince consumers of thefact that by relatively simple measures,the average European household can save a significant amount inits spending,which is especially important for households spending a large share of their budget onenergy.
And, of course, something no household should be without.
Well, this is usually a Giant Douche household, but we are going firmly with the Turd Sandwich.
There is nothing more stimulating than a case where everything goes against you.
My hardships were not so great as you imagined, though such trifling details must never interfere with the investigation of a case.
"It is evidently a case of extraordinary interest, and one which presented immense opportunities to the scientific expert.
Well, the specialist had me meet Fräulein Bunt in London, and she said I had a very interesting case.
Yet the Southwark case was one illustration of how complex cases involving Community law can exceed the reasonable competence of a court.
Owing to the interest aroused by the case there is an unusually large audience.
Perhaps the most characteristic example recently has been the total, inaction of the European Union in the face of the serious revelations concerning the involvement of peopie in high positions in Turkey in drug trafficking.
But since I have brought the subject up on this interview, I think even with Adama on the tribunal, the case must be decided on the evidence alone.
The case of Zaire reveals the complete and utter failure of European diplomacy which has been conspicuous by its absence in this crisis and its probable settlement.
I think your friend here should be warned that the case of Josef K is likely to be followed through any number of courts.
It was gone, however, and the incident appeared to make the worst impression upon his mind.
The pathologist, he said that you had a similar incident with a cat.
Another major event was the acceptance by the In tergovernmental Panel on Climate Change of the second situation report on climate change in December. This was welcomed by the Council on 18 December6in its conclusions on the Community strategy on climate change.
The event is approximately 0.1 light years in diameter and it is emitting extremely high levels of tetryon radiation.
With the exception of some sexual abuse it should also be clear that maltreatment is seldom an event, a single incident that requires action to protect the child.
Don't believe for a second that this is an isolated incident.
Will the Commission say whether it is aware of this incident and what action it intends to take to enable this Greek-Cypriot teacher to return home?
Sir, I understand Gen. Alexander suggested... you take over Gen. Clark's Italian campaign... but it was killed due to the incident.
A few days before 14 January, an event took place which it would not be wrong to describe as exceptionally important for European unity. I am speaking of the declarations made by President Kennedy in his State of the Union Speech in 1962.
You made a mistake 12 years ago, but your service since then has earned you a great deal of respect but this incident could cost you some of that respect.
I confess I'll be happy when this assignment is finished.
The President shall refer to the committee responsible the question of the compatibility of the proposed assignment with the letter and the spirit of the Act of 20 September 1976 and shall inform Parliament, the Member and the authorities concerned of the conclusions reached by that committee.
You have a very important new assignment, the Goldberg dry cleaning case.
I don't know what you heard, but this is a temporary assignment.
Da Silva... we have a special assignment... which we can entrust only to a capable man.
Our mission to Mutal Five has been completed and since our next assignment will not begin for several clays, we're enjoying a welcome respite from our duties.
It was, by and large, a pleasant assignment, except for one thing.
I joined under pressure from my parents, but I've already decided to resign my commission once this assignment is complete.
Mr. Worf, I know this hasn't been an easy assignment for you.
But now, now I have to trust you with an important assignment.
With everybody pressed to bring the murder rate down, that's the new mandate for this unit.
The public mandate of savings and regional banks is explicitly enshrined in the savings bank laws of all federal länder as being a core element of the rights and obligations of publiclaw credit institutions.
In all of this, the basic question to answer is: is Leader a gift or a mandate?
We're talking about a borderline- criminal organisation whose true mandate has always been to acquire alien technology at any cost.
The same mandate has been given to the European Commission, which has also prepared a report, and the two reports are being submitted to the EU Council in parallel.
The Eurosystem, comprising the ECB and the national central banks (NCBs) of the euro area countries, has a clear mandate assigned by the Treaty establishing the European Community: its primary objective is to maintain price stability in the euro area.
The UN, with itsuniversal mandate and legitimacy, is uniquely placed to respond to our common challenges.
When the mandate on the basis of which they were proposed comes to an end, the term of office of members of the Committee of the Regions shall terminate automatically.
There's only one task left, to find Dracula himself.
Mr President, Mr Commissioner and colleagues, we have a common task.
The great task for which we have prepared so long is now needed.
I want to tell you, then, that by the end of the month this particularly difficult task of analytically examining all 800 of the activities under taken up to 1995 will have been completed.
It was a difficult task, and we think the Commission has been too pragmatic.
"to the unending task of conquering the forces of evil, wherever they might appear."
The Netherlands has the considerable task of achieving consensus on this very difficult choice, but then consensus is something the Netherlands has always specialized in.
and investment barriers. The promotion of exports by the EU is, moreover, no more that a supplement to the export policies of the Member States, where this task primarily lies.
Hi, now for the first task, follow me, will you please?
That is perhaps a task for the European Union in the context of the development cooperation in which it engages with a view to providing a basis for human subsistence.
"Since Rodger Baskerville, Sir Charles's younger brother died unmarried, the estate would descend to the Desmonds, who are distant cousins.
The farm will take care of itself, and you've got Belknap.
‘We had a farm that was about to collapse and we de- using traditional recipes’, are cided to renovate it.
But this is the Territory. Anything under 1,000 square miles is a hobby farm.
Look, I only happen to be here because all of this estate belong to me.
'If any place looked like it should be haunted, it was the Clifford estate.
I'm desperate. Well... You can always just sign the farm over to me and have done with it.
Daddy died and we have quite a large estate and...
It don't know time or space or any of that hogwash, but the forces of evil are always after this skull and you've got to help me to protect it.
Within the framework of this professional tourism fair, an important space will be reserved for the European Commission to set out the initiatives with regard to the fight against sexual tourism involving children.
I feel an empty space inside me and I want to know what was thefe befofe.
Environment The natural resources and cultural heritage of an area, including water, air, soil, space, landscape, natural sites, biodiversity, built heritage, historical associations, arts and crafts and local traditions.
What a blank space I seemed. Sit up straight! Which everybody overlooked, yet was in everybody's way.
Sufficient space should be provided inside the animals’ compartment [“the compartment”] and at each of its levels to ensure that there is adequate ventilation above the animals when they are in a naturally standing position without on any account hindering their natural movement.
We could put our bedroom upstairs, and get all this space.
This space should be used for pre-printing the name and address of the issuing authority.
Well, space on Babylon 5 is at a premium.
This of course does not mean that the death of cities or space.
Also described in the report is a highly experimental neurosurgical procedure designed to induce a permanent waking state.
However, I say again that it was not the state of this power plant that led us to the conclusion that negotiations should not yet be opened.
You think madness is simply another state of consciousness?
That does not mean that nothing should be done, that the status quo is a solution.
As the settlement's status changes, you want to address that.
The status of the four nuclear reactors at the Chernobyl site is the following: Units 1 and 2 have been taken out of operation and Unit 3 is temporarily stopped for urgent repairs, with a planned re start in April 1998.
Q... now that you're mortal, you have a new existence to explore, an entirely new state of being filled with the mysteries of mortal life, pleasures you've never felt before.
As elsewhere, the poor state of the energy sector dominates infrastructure reform.
In a state of panic, you heard that Edwardes was to take your place here.
decisions on the actual scientific state of the stocks.
You know, I'm a journalist and usually get a lot of mail every day...
The exciting and poignant history of the ancient practice of cod fishing is the theme of a new work entitled "Cinq siècles de pêche à la morue" ("Five centuries of cod fisheries") written by the journalist Nelson Cazeils.
Two years ago, in the guise of Fandor the journalist, I took off into the sky with a fortune in jewels.
Journalist (trainee), The Nation, New York (1990).
Strategizing how an actor and a journalist could turn a white elephant into a contender.
They are more aware of that than they are of the Treaty of Amsterdam, since, as a Spanish journalist said, the Treaty is colourless, odourless and bland.
We anticipated that some dedicated journalist would eventually dig up the dirt.
This is Claire Verens. She's a journalist. -She specializes in the Middle East.
The European Info bus, driven by an Italian journalist and a young volunteer of French extraction, stopped at each of the 28 Carrefours and Info-Points in Italy.
I told them there was nothing in it, but one of the reporters stayed behind.
I do not think I'm the only supplier that we have been contacted.
It was therefore feared that the merged entity would be in a position to foreclose themarket to Alcatel Space Industries and therefore become the only supplier of the French Ministry of Defence.
I could shift a few ounces of this stuff. If you've got a decent supplier.
Where the supplier entersinto an obligation to supply only one buyer throughout the Community, it is themarket share of the buyer on the relevant purchase market, and only thatmarket share, which is decisive for the application of the BER.
If Terry hadn't gotten the drugs to the cops, the supplier would have come after Julio.
It is wellestablished Community law that a dominant supplier cannot give incentives to its customers and distributors to be loyal to it, thereby foreclosing market access by the dominant firm's competitors.
Quinn's back in town, and he's got a new supplier, so he ain't going anywhere.
Moreover, it is clear from the actual wording of Article 5 bis (c) of the Rules that later communication of the country of origin is permissible only if the supplier was unable to provide that information at the time of entering into the contract
Fool got shot at a dogfight. Now, all of a sudden, I'm a supplier without a demander.
1; 'the contested decision'), in which the applicant, the sole processor of sugarbeet in Ireland and the principal supplier of sugar in that Member State, was fined for infringing Article 86 of the EC Treaty (now Article 82 EC).
The player can determine the dreams of the next night if he awakes before the castle collapses.
He takes your bishop knight to c4 pawn to a7, rook to block.
I mean, I know I am an important piece, but the rook is more important, particularly in the later stages of the game.
What's as big as a castle? As light as the air... but one hundred men can't move it?
Instead of hanging onto every chess piece and playing defensively, one must know when to sacrifice a rook to take the opponent's king.
The most eyecatching structure on the site, however, is the UFO shaped tower which hovers 47 meters above the ground.
Well, the world s wider than this tower.
Do you know why? is is because the tower was partially financed by the alms paid by (XVI century) parishioners so that they could consume butter during Lent (this was forbidden at that time).
Now fleeing the ruined city, a few survivors gathered the great wealth of Atlantis, and hid it in a place they called the Tower of Fear.
This will involve the complete renovation of the tower erected on the summit of Estonia in 1939 and renovated for the first time back in 1969.
When the second tower is open, the whole complex will be unique. Nothing like it anywhere.
Residues (petroleum) hydrodesulphurised atmospheric tower; Heavy fuel oil
"Let us build a tower tall enough to rise above the clouds and touch God's heaven so we will be famous throughout the earth."
That tower may be more interesting than I thought, and not just architecturally.
Far from being a ‘tower of Babel’, the linguistic regime in the European institutions is a functional reality.
Before taking up his duties each Judge shall, in open court, take an oath to perfonn his duties impartially and conscientiously and to preserve the secrecy of the deliberations of the Court.
While the need to reflect the individual Member States' legal cultures could justify retaining the principle that the Court must have at least one judge from each Member State, the fear was expressed that in an enlarged Union this could be detrimental to the Court's efficiency.
The trial judge excluded the certificate of Spanish law from evidence under Section 78 PACE as it was not clear.
They were faced with a judge who was having difficulty in grasping exactly what crime had been committed and where.
With in the following 24 hours, the judge will decide if the person is to be released or charged.
When I got there to sign up... the referee was there and he said...
The need for efficient monitoring committee leadership is stressed here, i.e. the appointment of an individual proposed by the partners, rather than just an administrative representative who is both umpire and player.
Kaisla, the referee, indicating that the goal stands and the period is over.
Yeah, there was this real blind umpire who called me out on base. I protested but he wouldn't listen so I punched him in the mouth.
'But nobody knows quite how much time the referee will add on.'
The referee is lifting up his hand... and it drops totally limp.
We have a guest referee with us today, ladies and gentlemen.
The referee pulls the boys apart. And there's the bell to end the fifth.
At the end of the fourteenth round... after a conference between the referee... and fight doctor Gill Simmons... the champion Keeler... was convincingly ahead on points.
In the game of sheep and tides, a referee should be appointed to determine fair-play distinguishing correct reactions from other interferences.
I am a federal investigator, so I'm sure I would know if someone tried to break into my place.
Yeah, it's tough being'a lover and a lead investigator.
She told you,she's an investigator. Investigators are always finding dead bodies.
At the scene is Thomas Magnum, a private investigator for the King Kamehameha Club, which yesterday was cursed by a kahuna.
My name's matt mallinson. I'm the investigator in charge with the national transportation safety board.
He was the lead case investigator on four of the Butcher victims, which put him on my radar.
I happen to know that you're too dogged an investigator to allow the only witness in this case to simply disappear.
Have your second investigator. But don't even think about playing that card again.
We knew that the investigator could learn about the cure.
Castillo may not have the warmest disposition in the world, but he's one hell of an investigator.
Well, a very mellow scientist. Probably doing research on his own brain cells.
In March 1997, Mr B., a Member of the European Parliament, complained on behalf of Mr K., a Greek scientist.
You know, Brenda... I'm not at all surprised you became such a renowned scientist.
“Why should a certain group takepart in a participatory decisionmaking process and not another?”asked one political scientist.
Clem, this is the first time I was ever sorry I'm a scientist.
For the longer term, other effects of climate change could become more extensive."Acidification is a big problem," explains the scientist.
This social scientist, this researcher went out and did this study where she interviewed everyone who had ever attempted to kill themselves by jumping off the Golden Gate Bridge.
Scientist: with her husband Pierre she discovered radium — a radioactive metal.
Well, you're great, you're really, really great, and you're the hottest scientist I've ever worked with.
Sophie des Clers, a scientist representing environmental NGOs, also thinks ■ she secured progress on some of the ideas she champions, such as biodiversity, for example.
So long as the priority remained offworld exploration that could benefit Earth, I would have gladly accepted the offer.
When deep space exploration ramps up, it'll be the corporations that name everything.
You must understand, approval for foreign funded exploration in Thailand is a sensitive issue.
Science, exploration. Those are our mandates. Ladies and gentlemen, we're failing.
It might look like the moon. Our exploration of the moon showed us that it is nearly a dead planet today.
Terry Crabtree of Bartizan has also decided to publish my own book... a critical exploration of the union of Joe DiMaggio... and Marilyn Monroe... and its function in American mythopoetics... which, tentatively, I have entitled...
This is an exploration of how far men can be degraded.
Life... will forever be a deadly enterprise with only one sad end, and there is only one solution- deny exploration and embrace exploitation.
- I think the investigation... that has just concluded itself... has probably been one of the most intensive... that the Department of Justice and the FBI has ever been involved in.
Research (multiannual framework programme, Article 130i(l))
Only it will take several years of research and experimenting to accomplish it.
The committee's report represents an excellent investigation of the shortcomings of the Community transit system and the extent of fraud.
Joanna, since this was a federal investigation, maybe you should let the government look into it.
The codecision procedure applies to the following areas: the free movement of workers, the establishment of the internal market, technological research and development, the environment, consumer protection, education, culture and health.
Someone could be tapping the phone. You could jeopardize the entire investigation.
We know from experience that effective patent protection and research go hand in hand.
This investigation is as efficient as a submarine with screen doors.
Clinical research is essential for determining the most efficient and uptodate treatment for cancer, and not only benefits patients but also offers the prospect of making cancer treatment cost-effective.
This office belongs to the people of the great state of Rhode Island, and I work very hard days to represent their interests in a manner that's worthy of their trust and respect.
Very "Writerly." You know, if Ernest Hemingway had an office like this, he never would've killed himself.
But you've worked in the same office with him, on and off, for years.
The office is tucked away in a remote part of the embassy where no one will see me.
I want you to feel at home. This is your father's old office.
Apparently, she's some kind of therapist, has an office here in the building.
Yeah, difference being you've got an office three doors down from the Oval.
It was a bathroom, and now it is an office for two.
I lodge in town, eat in the kitchen, have my own office, and I take no orders from that man.
Through that door there's a study that leads right to it.
Maybe they can appreciate how hard I worked to find a place with sunshine for you, with a study with bookshelves for you.
This is Oliver's study... where he, you know, gets away from the kids... and me, I suppose.
Arthur Rollie lived here inside the tree in primitive, carved living quarters, complete with toilet, bed and study, like some ghastly lighthouse keeper.
Three bedrooms, maid's room, study, and, of course, that view.
Large dining room, study, decent kitchen, plenty of room for three or four comfortably.
Enforcement is in the hands of government agencies run by the growers for the benefit of growers!
• Full enforcement of EU environmental legislation particularly in the areas of water, waste and nature conservation.
Turned out law enforcement was as unhappy about his behavior as she was.
Cyprus's ability to ensure adequate enforcement of intellectual property needs to be further monitored.
Where appropriate and subject to the need for proper enforcement, Community measures should provide Member States with alternative ways to achieve the objectives of the measures.
The enforcement of Community law was to be left to national processes subject to two conditions:
Enforcement should not, however, call into question arrangements and programming already made by the incoming Portuguese Presidency.
Noting that the European Communities and the Government of the United States of America share the view that the sound and effective enforcement of competition law is a matter of importance to the efficient operation of their respective markets and to trade between them;
These themes were immigration, law enforcement and police cooperation, legal aspects and social policy.
The objective pursued in Article 4(6) of the Framework Decision cannot justify an absolute bar to execution of a European arrest warrant concerning a national of the executing State where that national opposes his surrender
Belgian, French and Swedish initiative for a framework dec.: execution oforders freezing assets or evidence
Member States reaffirm their commitment to reinforce judicial cooperation. They are invited to ensure the execution of any request for mutual legal assistance related to terrorist offences and to provide each other with the fullest cooperation.
— the fact that Mr Kozłowski, more than three months after his entry to Germany, did not carry out any paid work there and earned his living essentially by commit- his stay in the Member State [of execution] has not been uninterrupted;
Regional Court, Bydgoszcz (Poland), for the purposes of the execution of a five-month prison sentence imposed by a judgment which has become final.
Furthermore, the Federal Republic of Germany has a particular interest in the rehabilitation of its nationals, which is served by execution of the sentence in Germany.
If that question is answered in the negative, the national court must according to German law authorise the execution of the European arrest warrant, since all the other conditions required under that law are fulfilled.
Yes, I know it's a lovely morning, but it was a lovely dream, too.
Yet the country towhich his dream takes him could be any one ofthose States confronted with various problemsof development.
A very weird, bizarre, vivid, erotic, wet, detailed dream.
"What a wonderful dream", he thought, and looked at the title of the book on the floor next to his bed: "From the Earth to the Moon (De la terre à la lune)", written by Jules Verne in 1865...
You want the dream to end for fear that you might not bear it.
Well, Dr Sneiderman explained it was like a very powerful dream.
You'll live with us, and forget this bad dream.
No, I'm not a dream... although I've been told I'm a vision of loveliness. Who told you that?
Yet this dream you had of him last night where he appeared as a ghost would indicate that you think of him as being dead.
Well, old man, for 2400 it'd better run like a wet dream.
Data from a top-secret military project, born of the idea that sleep is the soldier's greatest enemy.
The only thing that's not shitty is sleep.
As eternals achieved total consciousness, sleep became obsolete, and second-level meditation took its place.
"Eternal Sleep." "In Fond Memory of..."
Nothing would feel better right now... than a nice, long, deep sleep.
Good. Oh, and Devon... whatever Zurich's got planned, the code name is Deep Sleep.
I've come straight off point duty. I could do with a bit of sleep on that myself.
My sources also tell me that this induced sleep is not irreversible.
Sleep is a luxury, a self-indulgence we have no time for.
The first nurse said we shouldn't think of it as a coma but more like a deep sleep.
Granted the restrictions that nowadays characterize the budgets of the Member States, we consider that this innovation is essential to maintain and improve the appropriate checks in coming years.
Clearly, an innovation of this kind would confer on the Commission an important role in future regional policy, and this would be welcome.
Innovation and flexibility on the labour market must in any case be covered by a common EU legal framework, guaranteeing protection of workers under the various working arrangements.
One important innovation is the introduction of the institutional contract which will replace ICP contracts and cover all Erasmus activities except Thematic networks and Complementary measures.
In passing, there is an innovation here: the European Parliament is dissociating itself from the Commission and correcting an exaggeratedly technocratic proposal.
But although support for structural adjustment was the main innovation of Lomé IV, intensive aid for rural development remained one of the primary objectives.
The communication from the Commission on the application of the Community competition rules to vertical restraints, which was approved on 30 September, is in many ways a major innovation in the Commission's approach to antitrust policy.
Perhaps the most important innovation is the free movement of persons: Union citizens are entitled to travel, reside, study and work wherever they wish in the European Union.
In actual fact, the main innovation of the 1975 Treaty was the creation of the Court of Auditors.
This was a major innovation in the history of multinational governance since the formation of “European” political parties in the European Parliament was neither foreseen by, nor provided for, in the Treaties creating the Communities.
...the same reform we suggested two years ago.
That is why we hope that another Intergovernmental Conference will be set up as quickly as possible to prepare, effectively and sincerely, for the forthcoming enlargements; or at the very least we hope to see a further reform of the Treaties.
As long as lawyers like to heat their pools with med-mal claims, as long as congress refuses to get serious about tort reform, we will always, always be saddled up for nuisance claims, which is what this is.
But' above all, the Treaty still does not make the European Union capable of enlargement. We need further institutional reform before the next accession.
(Applause) de Silguy. - (FR) For my part, I see no incompatibility between demographic revitalization, an intellectual reform and a straightforward recognition of economic realities.
I can say on behalf of the Commission that the Commission largely agrees with the opinions of the Committee on Social Affairs and Employment on the fund, and we expect to have.a constructive dialogue within Parliament as the reform of the structural funds progresses.
Before the admission of the new countries the EU should initiate an institutional reform which can ensure that an EU with 25 countries can also function properly and effectively.
With a view to the imminent reform of the.common agricultural policy (CAP), does the Commission intend to include measures regarding animal welfare?
This then is what I propose: a staged reform, particularly as regards toe introduction of toe data bases which, if they are to be reliable, have continually to have data fed into them by a substantial percentage of producers.
Siegel's hotel in Las Vegas and Luciano's authority has been restored... another member of Luciano's operation begins organizing his own fight for control.
Only after Parliament's second reading, at the end of the budgetary procedure, can the question of exceeding the maximum rate be envisaged and negotiations started between the two arms of the budgetary authority to determine a new rate.
There's a certain moral authority - that exists only in the name of God?
Following upon this, new organizational and legal structures have authority to cover operations taking place on both sides of the frontiers at the same time.
For example, in the Church of England... what exactly is the Bishop of Rome's authority?
Decisions of the Appeal Commissioners may be appealed to the ordinary judicial courts by either the tax authority or the taxpayer.
You do understand, Mr. Hamilton, that as president, I have the authority to decide on junior officers.
Rights are not guaranteed by a divine authority. They depend on the energy of the institutions and formations of power which support their existence'.
I neither know nor care who you are but in this area, and certainly in this nest, I am the authority.
Unfortunately, the study cannot be started in 1998 (although that is what I would have preferred) because the budgetary authority (and Mrs Ahlqvist knows what I mean by that) has cut the appropriations proposed by the Commission for this sort of study.
At his command she consented to pass as his sister, though he found the limits of his power over her when he endeavoured to make her the direct accessory to murder.
How about that hour of darkness in which the power of evil is exalted?"
Hear! Never pays to hassle the man that has the power.
In looking at the general context of the CFSP, we should not forget that the power to take CFSP decisions lies with the Council.
There are only two things that have ever meant anything to you... power and cruelty.
— Paragraph 33, which would give qualified decisionmaking power in budgetary matters to the States contributing most. This is at odds with the Community method and the principle of constitutional equality between the Member States;
When a threatening power lands in our capital we don't meet them with tea and cookies.
Thus Parliament's power to withhold its assent, under Article 238 of the Treaty (as exercised in the case of the protocols with Morocco and Syria in 1992, for instance) has highlighted the importance it attaches to this major aspect of external relations.
So you understand, before this game is over, I want every prisoner in this institution to know what I mean by power, and who controls it.
Othet forms of control exist, such as written and otal questions to the Commission and Council, debates on the programmes and results of each Presidency of the Council of the Union, and the power to set up committees of inquiry.
Now, if we begin to see signs that he's acting in an irrational manner I have the authority and the duty to relieve him.
Unlike the Works or the Supplies Directive, the Services Directive allows a contracting authority to require service providers to prove that they possess the necessary authorisation or membership of a professional organisation in order to provide the relevant services in the home state.
Hereinafter... Maybe it's more dedicated... Everyone needs to have an authorization given by me.
— the authorisation to be available for EURES tasks, preferably on a full time basis, but at least for half the time of a regular full time equivalent,
And in it you will find Samantha's death certificate, an authorization letter and the key to her safety deposit box.
The officials of the Commission and the experts authorised to carry out the onsite monitoring shall produce an authorisation in writing specifying the subject-matter and purpose of the visit.
You need to present a proper written authorization from the Home Office to even inquire about security clearances.
We'll have a search authorization to take soil samples from the nursery and match them against trace evidence from Nora Webb's remains.
An aspect of the reform very much inspired by emerging public needs was the mandate to draw up a School Fruit Scheme, which the EU agreed in November 2008.
The Committee of the Regions shall consist of representatives of regional and local bodies who either hold a regional or local authority electoral mandate or are politically accountable to an elected assembly.
The EIB’s mandate has beenconfi rmed several times since,includingin 2004.
The new mandate for South Africa, totalling ECU 375 million, will enable firm support to be given for projects specified in the South African Reconstruction and Development Programme up to the year 2000.
The committee shall consider any agreement reached or update the mandate of the negotiating team in the case that further negotiations are required.
• a longterm mandate under the Fourth Lomé Convention, the Second Financial Protocol to which (2 658 million, including 1 billion in risk capital) covers the period 1998 2000, applicable in the 71 ACP countries.
Article 137 of the Treaty provides a mandate for action by the EU to combat social exclusion and promote inclusion.
Then there is trade liberalization or the opening up of the economy through removing any restrictions on foreign trade.
I regard that as the basis of this report, namely complementarity between liberalisation and social harmonisation.
But lying, pieksäminen, killing -- Liberalization of witnesses, because you want to marry, it is good?
In that regard we very much support Mr Sarlis' step-by-step approach, because we must ensure that any liberalization is accompanied by the social measures that are needed to protect those within the industry.
More and more thinkers are therefore noting that there is no evidence that liberalization favors growth or benefits the poor.
One of my colleagues has already mentioned that some liberalisation of postal services has taken place in Sweden.
The second point relates to the provisions affecting business and investment, and especially includes conditions affecting employment, the setting up of companies, daytoday payments, liberalization of transactions and the protection of intellectual property.
But what gives us the right to foresee that liberalization is the only way forward in the future?
The gradual liberalization of' this market, which has an annual turnover of more than ECU 100 billion, is inextricably linked with our aim of increased com petition in the European economy, and also of" reduced unemployment.
The first is that a significant number of the objectives set out have been achieved, and I would like to highlight two of them here today: the liberalisation of gas supply and the protection of technological inventions.
In this context, the immediate release of Xanana Gusmao is an essential factor towards the success of the consultation process.
So Bridget's release, it probably bought us a few minutes, but you know we're going to lose Hank.
While steps taken by the Indian Government - like the release of detained militants in Jammu and Kashmir - were welcomed, the overall human rights situation and violence in Jammu and Kashmirremained a matter of concern to the European Union.
I have less than 12 hours to stop the release of NARVIK.
Research into monitoring methods for aquatic species, carried out through cooperation between fishers and scientists (eg tag and release programmes).
Look, now that they know about you, the prisoner release is off the table.
This incentive system is similar to that contained in the new Structural Funds programmes (release of credits in the absence of a declaration of actual expenditure after 2 years).
El Kebir's release would signal a terrorist uprising that could engulf the whole region in war.
Subject: Release of Souha Bechara and 200 Lebanese detainees from Khiam prison
This might especiallyinvolve the release of additional funds (EUR 60 million is available), with the aim ofhelping to revitalise the Palestinian economy andestablish new institutions.
She really is. Perfect figure. Classical features.
You have a pretty mouth, beautiful eyes and a really dainty figure.
Around 30s, 5'3" tall, medium build, long hair, was wearing a pair of glasses, brown sweater, black skirt, and also carrying a beige handbag.
I don't normally keep coons, but you have a nice figure.
She was in her late 20s, had an outstanding figure, had a Southern accent, long blonde hair.
A man could go a long way without seeing a figure like yours, if you'd make the most of it.
Now she's got a math whiz with a totally hot bod.
I can't believe that EtheI, little starry-eyed EtheI... ... withthatangel'ssmileandthecutest little figure in the entire middle West... .
Tell 'em I cancelled when they were gonna hide that glorious figure.
Okay, listen... Alonzo... oh! His athletic build can be intimidating, but he's really a nice guy.
People say I have the body of Rock Hudson.
And Friday? And the parrot with green body and yellow tail? Not real?
"Make concessions with your body." What does this mean, "make concessions"?
She's got the most incredible body, and a pair of titties... make you want to stand up and beg for buttermilk.
With a body like mine, you don't get jealous.
The only thing I've got going for me, is this body, this face, and what I got up here.
"There was a young lady from Venus Whose body was shaped like a..."
Her breasts heaving... as her supple, nubile young body... caresses the cool, limpid sheets...
In other words, that female body gently undulating up there on stage is a juicy steak, a glass of liquor, a bottle of camphor, streptomycin, uranium...
Well, what was I supposed to do? She bet me 50 bucks she had a better body than you, and I had to defend your honor.
He's the exact opposite of everything I really hate.
It is in fact the exact opposite of the mainstreaming approach that we have been trying to promote.
Disassociating the Deadwood Pioneer from what I took to be... the opposite of an effort to inform.
Bourlanges (PPE), draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Institutional Ajfairs. — (FR) Mr President, I would be prepared to support the revolution but it is actually the opposite which is being proposed.
- Standpoor? - As in the opposite of Sitwell... which is run by a certain hairless man... who could be very upset with you right now.
He's actually in town for a few weeks and he's a total opposite of your brother.
"What's the opposite of Swissair? " And before I can think, I answer,
Hey, man, I'm telling you, if there is one dude in the world... that's the total opposite of carlton, it's this guy standing right here, man.
It was the polar opposite of the Fresh Prince incident.
There is something tropical and exotic about her which forms a singular contrast to her cool and unemotional brother.
Well, the contrast between the frontline and the back area is always a little startling.
The most pronounced contrast to this is Iceland, where girls report larger quantities than boys.
Okay, he's definitely not what you'd call lame but I figured he'd be a good contrast to all the loser types in the movie.
The relatively low level of fatalities in rail, sea and air transport accidents stands in sharp contrast to the high number of road fatalities.
While, Yang, by contrast, is fast and solid and...
This strong contrast creates a unique ecosystem in which species are fine-tuned to respond to the degree of brackishness and only a specific selection can survive.
(kenny loggins' "footloose" playing) It was such a stark contrast to the world I came from, Where conformity is demanded,
Never theless, this growth was in stark contrast to the losses suffered in the years before.
two days. These two days provide astriking contrast between the privacyof the meetings and the frenziedactivity outside the rooms whichnobody can enter without showingtheir credentials (a red pass); acontrast between the informal,
Sections of the grid continually need recalibration... and are prone to false signals.
If that Volm weapon works, the grid comes down, and the Volm land, I don't think this war's gonna last much longer.
If the grid is not destroyed, feeding that much power back into it could accelerate the process.
The grid was designed to function in the planet's original atmosphere... but terraforming's made the air much thicker.
Okay, this is a grid of dowatown streets that Meechum knew well enough not to use his GPS, but not explaining his other known trips.
Tower's down, grid's down -- I call that a success!
Well, the C.I.A. analysts think the code treats each book page like a grid, so the first number tells you what page number, the second's the number of letters across the bottom, the third's the number of letters up.
So maybe The Effect and the grid are totally unrelated.
We need to take out the grid, and I need to get Karen!
That lightning took out power lines leading to the main generator, and the grid just couldn't handle it.
Even though there were so many, still the net did not tear.
As the aim of the Mobility Joint European Project is the creation of a network, in addition to the minimum requirements of a consortium, the involvement of further partner country and EU consortium members is expected.
For this network to be saying otherwise offends me as a citizen and principal.
This network acts in close cooperation with the WHO and the International Union Against Tuberculosis and Lung Disease.
And yours, son, is the most important mission. Drop that net on any punk that gets near our front door.
Hold it Mohammed, get ready to lay this net over the stern.
Regional network involving universities and other consortium members from two or several partner countries and the European Union.
This I.S. net is insane. I've never seen so much interconnectivity in a single system.
In future we should also ensure that there are connections between the various freight freeways so that a genuine network for international freight can be created.
These two factors are leading to the introduction of an integrated transEuropean transport network, including an intermodal dimension which is set to develop.
As you no doubt surmised that recent manoeuvre of ours was no strategic retreat.
Current glacier retreat is now reaching levels exceeding those of the last 10 000 years.
Hezbollah will attempt to cause the IDF losses so that the retreat planned in a few months will appear as the flight of a beaten, defeated Israeli Army.
It is very likely that glacier retreat will continue.
For a spy,there's no shame in retreat. When faced with a more powerful enemy,you're trained to get out of the way and keep moving.
Delta of Nile, Egypt increased coastal erosion; overtopping of coastal defences and increased flooding; damage to port and city infrastructure; retreat of barrier dunes; decreased soil moisture; increased soil and lagoon water salinity; decreased fisheries production
every retreat was always meticulously planned, right down to the personalized stationary, hence his record of successful getaways from women who did not want to see him go.
The United States is making it clear to the Communists that American troop withdrawal is directly on the release of U.S. prisoners of war.
Belgium should, in particular, examine the impact of recent measures and consider further measures aimed at preventing the early withdrawal of workers from work, as well as incentives enhancing the capacity of older workers to remain at work;
We can't set up camp in no man's land. - And withdrawal is out of the question.
Following the withdrawal of the Spanish partner, the transnational aspect of the project was substantially affected.
The cowardly withdrawal by the elephant confirms that there will be another chance, perhaps when he's a bit older.
Belgium should, in particular, closely monitor measures aiming at preventing the early withdrawal of workers from work and consider strengthening disincentive measures in that field;
The Soviet spokesman reiterated the belief that revolution in Afghanistan could not be turned back and, therefore, any troop withdrawal was dependent on direct talks between Afghanistan, Pakistan, and Iran.
That wasn't a defeat, it was a phased withdrawal.
In Somalia, the withdrawal of UN forces led to a reduction in the activities of both UN agencies and NGOs.
So the withdrawal of all foreign troops is a fundamental prerequisite for restoring peace.
You'd have to be at Endemic Bank for 9:00 exactly, find the clerk, get the routing number.
If the clerk was lax in checking' IDs he could've bought one as a souvenir.
Just two years on from Kings, a second division clerk in the great, and, as some would have it, independent kingdom of the Foreign Office.
They found a clerk who works at a Mailbox Center around the corner, who says he rented a box to Jane on the day she died.
The only description the clerk could give was the man was well-groomed in his early thirties and had fair hair.
Driver out the front, two to three through the door, neutralise the desk clerk, dominate the room and disorientate the security.
If this clerk would have just remembered the combination, we'd have been out of here by now and nobody would have got hurt.
It was recorded and signed by Alfred Adrims... county clerk, Ventura.
A sanitation clerk who had the audacity to fuck the mayor's daughter.
Please don't tell me you're going to dismiss our entire prosecution because some clerk hit the wrong key on his computer. Facts are facts.
A career official in the Foreign Ministry, Tasneem Qureishi has emerged in the last few days as a leading...
This situation was compounded by the absence,due to severe illness,of the official initially responsible for this file.
Bill Binney, former official of the NSA who quit back in 2001, you were angry over what was going on, you are known as a whistleblower right now.
1.5Regarding the hand-written amendment,the Commission provided a note from theofficial who had spoken to the complainant with the statement that the official had notgiven the complainant the advice to unilaterally add an amendment to the addendum.
In 1773, an official of this bank unwisely loaned a large sum of money to finance a shipment of tea to the American colonies.
It has emerged that an official within the Commission handed out copies of the Commission's re cruitment test for 1997 in advance.
The official who passed him through recognized him from my description so I ran a check on him.
The Commission rejected havingadvised the complainant on the phone to unilaterally alter the text of Addendum No. 4,inparticular by the official pointed out by the complainant,who was on vacation at the time.
Φ Official of the Milan CISL metalworkers' trade union (19751979).
Oh, the club official told me That his name is russell huntley.
Maybe you'd know, as I do... that there is a force that brings them back... if their hearts were wild enough in life.
When I came into office, there was limited Community competence for public health but we have done a lot since then and the new Treaty will be a driving force in raising the profile of these issues further.
The European Commission is not only the driving force behind the single market, it is also the referee.
What are the forces that pull on a diving pilot when he blacks out?
The European Parliament has long been a driving force in the matter of human rights, with positions that have helped steer policy in this field.
The assassins were new force in Germany, the SS, the bodyguards of Hitler, they became its now private agreement of terror.
Competition is a vital driving force and a guarantee of freedom of expression and pluralism.
This is the evil force that has been attacking her.
In September 1989 Solidarity became the dominant force in government for the first time, under Prime Minister Mazowiecki; and the following year Lech Walesa was elected President.
The force of Russia, as a compressed gigantic spring until the o has limited, it was now to free itself.
Its strength rests with its leader-- That is, with its head.
We must recognise that times have changed, because the European Union now has the democratic strength to put its own house in order.
Lord of Life, whose strength and power reach everywhere.
We must be aware of its strength, but we can achieve it only by sticking together, showing one face and speaking with one voice to its partners.
The factors in her favour are youth and strength plus unusually strong female drives.
The economic strength of the region is based on successful SMEs, especially those producing precision parts for industry.
O mighty Abu Salem... you who rule over a thousand devils, by all the fires of hell and darkness, give strength and life to this your creature.
Following his election as Chairman, Mr Maragall outlined his vision of a Europe of the regions whose diversity was a source of both strength and vulnerability.
- I do not know why yet I live to say this thing's to do sith I have cause and will and strength and means to do't.
It determines the cultural diversity of Eu rope, and that is Europe's strength.
Profit is a good sign for people who want to make movies.
I believe that a profit that bears a proper relation to the costs would be entirely acceptable and could be calculated, and that higher costs could also be charged for certain special investments.
Now I don't know How familiar you are with the concept of profit,
The criterion of the profit margin necessary to ensure the survival of the industry in question is not therefore consistent with the basic Regulation.
Each year, as you made a bigger and bigger profit... they knew you would leave Milwaukee... because they did such a good job you made so much money.
The ESCB Statute contains specific rules with regard to the calculation of those amounts which will ultimately determine the profit distributed to the ECB's share holders.
The fraudster's profit lies in the difference between the duty-free price at which the goods were obtained (unless they were straightforwardly stolen) and the price obtained for them on the black market.
You're saying if they had made a bigger profit here... the move would've been even quicker to get out of here? MAN: You're right.
Company description–Foundation date, legal form, industry, aspiration–Key financials (sales revenue, total assets, profit)–Key people, succession plan if applicable
He say, "Low profit from mine unacceptable.
It would indeed be a triumph for me if I could run him to earth, where my master had failed.
The defeat was fought, but it did not have victory signals.
The fact that URBAN is to be included once again amongst the Community initiatives is a victory for all European citizens.
They said that had to substitute the men, as its enemies they had fact, to assure the victory.
The first triumph of that assembly was to preserve its existence under the Treaties of Rome and constantly insist on matching that existence with the name of ParUament.
If he beats us, he becomes the saviour of Rome... and there's his final victory over the senate.
As such, the fact that we succeed again in forming a political group, was a triumph, but we were very well aware of the strategic weakness of it.
In this context, he admitted that it would be a major success for the German presidency to put forward a plan and he noted that the 18 Member States that ratified the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe cannot be ignored.
But the true victory was that both were still alive.
This victory confirms and consolidates the democratic process initiated in Belgrade with the election of President Kostunica.
We look forward to resuming our campaigns when the storm has cleared and the people of the east coast are safe.
The people in these countries will not derive any benefit from this money: it simply flows from bank to bank.
The government was not prepared, nor the civil organization, nor the people. E the defense forces they were practically inexistent.
The important thing is to restore peace to the Balkans and for those people to return to their territory.
Even if that's what our own people are asking for, three to one?
• establishing a strong, well-structured, institutionally based management that hasresources (financial and human) for action, autonomy and responsibility and the supportof the public authorities, the private sector and local people;
The city of Rome itself went from a million people down to perhaps 30,000, and that was the largest city in Western Europe at the time.
The aim is transparency: we want people to be aware of the potential dangers of ionizing radiation, but also to appreciate that it can be used safely.
Appropriately dubbed by the Allies as "Operation Gomorrah," the raids had been a cold and calculated attempt to scorch Hamburg and its people, from the face of the earth.
• the people; • the land and environment; • national income and expenditure; • trade and industry in Europe; • the European Union.
Ever since we started this mission... the Rangers have been investigating stories about a highly advanced world... whose population was wiped out during a war about 100 years ago... using non-destructive technology.
We should nevertheless bear in mind that Russia has an educated population and a splendid culture which will challenge the individualism and materialism of the west.
And they also have a goal for their target namely the population. They have to be turned into completely mindless consumers of goods that they do not want.
Maij-Weggen (PPE). - CM,) Madam President, Indonesia is a big country with many cultures and a large population of nearly 200 million people, a growing economy and freedom of religion despite the fact that it is a Muslim country.
Which had about doubled by the end of 18th century, when coal came on, then came good old oil and suddenly the population went up 6 times.
In addition, we should do everything possible to ensure that the entire population suffers as little as possible from the policies of Saddam Hussein, from military actions and from the sanctions.
One is to militarize the taking of oil, which means to get your population to understand that if they want to continue to drive SUV's and have the cars and consume energy in the way they are, that they will be in war after war.
According to information from the United Nations, medical aid to the value of 275 million dollars is currently blocked in Iraqi warehouses although it is urgently needed by the population.
If you take population into account, it's a little bit different.
Population 836 019 817 679 807 674 831 452 858 098 965 478 1 090 833 1 155 667 1 261 877 1 335 258 1 379 675 1 423 865 1 437 922 1 466 266 1 458 035
That's another illegal deduction but we do have some lovely parting gifts for you. Jail."
This specific provision may be an allowable deduction from profits for tax purposes to the extent that the tax authorities of the Member States allow legal forms similar to the EEIG, in particular partnerships, to deduct such provisions.
It's a business deduction for my cleaning business.
The initial deduction shall be adjusted according to the procedures laid down by the Member States …
Only three Member States — Germany, Luxembourg and the Netherlands — guarantee the right to full deduction, the only exception of course being expenditure which has no business element.
This deduction is entered in Chapter 19 of the general statement ofrevenue of the EU budget in the form of negative revenue.
This deduction is justified because the risks incurred in these operations are in the end borne by the reinsurance company which is assumed to be an external third party.
The Commission of the European Communities maintains that the deduction should be exercised in compliance with the tax deadlines prescribed.
Member States shall determine the conditions and procedures whereby a taxable person may be authorised to make a deduction which he has not made in accordance with the provisions of paragraphs 1 and 2.’
This deduction may not exceed 10% of taxable income in most cases.
the only acceptable boob reduction in this house is you moving out.
Bjerregaard target of a 15 % reduction by 2010, a figure that certainly displeased most of our OECD partners.
- Fewer windows, uh, less square footage overall, big reduction in the structural glass... That's significant...
Income support shall be paid where the reduction in income derived from exportation to the Community of bananas complying with the common standards is directly related to conditions prevailing on the market subsequent ro the establishment of the common organization of the market in bananas.
We know you need cuts, but a further 25,000 reduction in active military troops is unthinkable.
22 In his view, it had not been shown that the reduction in employment envisaged by Pfizer, concerning 18% of the Rixensart staff, was likely to lead to the closure of
The reduction provided for in the Staff Regulations (AnnexVII,Article 13(8)) is also made where accommodation or meals are included in the registration fees paid by the Council for a conference, seminar or other organised event.
However, the marked reduction in noise output by cars will be partly offset by the rise in the number of cars and the distance they travel and by the increase in more powerful and heavier vehicles.
If the half-life of the active material Is short, a worthwhile reduction in the activity can be achieved by simply waiting for decay to take place.
Extending choice allows a 26% emission reduction to be achieved at the same cost.
"But for the colour of his face, we might even let him join the club."
Appearance: indicate the physical state (solid, liquid, gas) and the colour of the substance or preparation as supplied.
If the form and the colour is not appealing, it can appear as any food you wish to visualise.
We must therefore have good arguments to explain why designation of origin needs to consist of more than alcohol content, quality grade and colour.
It was Henry Ford who said, "Any color, as long as it's black. "
If the only colour is blue (preferably reflex blue), it should be printed at 100% as background with the stars left in white.
Mrs Lopez, do you realise... that your hair matches the colour of these tyres?
It follows from the foregoing that, where the conditions described above apply, a colour per se is capable of constituting a trade mark within the meaning of Article 2 of the Directive.
The color's great, and I like to see him more casual for a change.
The groups then introduced quality brands in each of their areas and set up clear guidelines on how to use the common quality brand (design, colour) together with the regional quality brands.
The odds of getting a job at a good hedge fund on Wall Street are roughly the same as hitting runner-runner flush in a hand of Texas Hold 'Em.
That's how I knew the D.A. made his two pair... and Judge Kaplan missed the flush.
Nose rub. Last time she did that, she got a flush.
You only start with jacks or better split... nines or better wired, three high cards to a flush.
The body has a central molten metal core surrounded by a sea of molten rock.
That is the essence of the message and I hope to enlist Parliament's support for it.
The gist of it, according to the little guy... when attempting to make it look like an accidental occurrence... they went out and purchased a poisonous snake... with the intentions of inducing it to bite you.
The core of Bulgaria's successful stabilisation has been the operation of a fixed exchange rate under a currency board regime.
He has been returned to us unharmed and with the help of the nanites our computer core has been reconstructed in time for the experiment.
Supporting the activities of SMEs is a core activity of the European Investment Bank: between 1993 and 1997, it disbursed almost ECU 11 billion to assist about 48 000 small and medium-scale projects within the Union.
A famous Irish philosopher named Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel once wrote that the essence of tragedy isn't the conflict of right and wrong, its the conflict of right and right.
The European Council asks the IGC to base its work on the fact that the citizens are at the core of the European construction : the Union has the imperative duty to respond concretely to their needs and concerns.
That's the essence of gambling. You risk something.
The report is a response to a Commission communication which quite rightly takes as part of its theme the concept that services of general interest lie at the very heart of the European model of society.
If the dome is like an atom, and these walls are-are just electrons that means there has to be a nucleus in the center of it. Which could be holding it all together.
We can construct a nucleus which is heavier still by adding one more neutron.
If our egg sandwich was the size of an atom's nucleus and I was a dark matter particle, then pretty much all the ground you see beneath me would be space, which I would whizz straight through.
The heads of the statistical offices of EC Member States agree on the ESA-REG, the very first method of European regional accounts and the nucleus of the regional account of government.
This is the evidence for a very heavy, very small object at the core of the atom -- the high-density nucleus surrounded by a vastness of empty space.
It has a nucleus made up of one proton and one electron is travelling around it.
So, if we think about one grain of the sugar that's on my fingertip, and if that were equivalent to the nucleus, then it would take this entire big tennis court to make up the atom,
The idea that the neutron supplies "atomic glue" is a simplified way of explaining how the nucleus is held together.
There's a nucleus in the middle of the atom which we used to believe was made of protons and neutrons.
This is the nucleus of helium which will eventually gather the necessary electrons and become recognisable as an atom of helium, the isotope helium-4.
The great ordeal was in front of us; at last we were about to make our final effort, and yet Holmes had said nothing, and I could only surmise what his course of action would be.
Trying to run all 4,096 different combinations at an average of ten seconds per try would take me more than 1 2 hours.
This involves considerable expense and effort for the firms concerned, as well as risks. Mergers should be controlled on the basis of uniform criteria by the Commission.'
The weak ness of the supply side has led to the perverse situation in which any resolute effort to fight inflation inevitably leads to a deterioration of the trade deficit.
They didn't quite match the massacre at Tokyo airport, but they gave it a nice try.
It is clear that the considerable effort that we are urging Member States to make over the next decade has already begun to take on a specific shape.
I commend your efforts... but I'm afraid it's too little, too late.
I think the European Parliament's insistence on imposing new measures can be summed up in one word: that effort can only be characterized as hypocrisy, because otherwise words lose their meaning, unless we label that orientation and that view hypocritical.
This infiltration is a bold venture, colonel but we know there's a gap there up to Cisterna.
In the event, the company did not enjoy the benefit of the good returns on offer, as the guarantee claims which arose exceeded the revenue made massively.30
The stoves were manufactured by a well-known company which also specialised in baking ovens.
There can be absolutely no justification for the fact that the Commission has indirectly supported or even encouraged this decision by allowing the firm in question to receive a national subsidy to extend another of its plants.
I strongly recommend you to see through Mr Gekko's shameless intention here... ..to strip this company, and severely penalise the stockholders.
Just imagine if you were a small firm which had developed a new product after years of research and then had to hand your recipe over to your rivals.
Well, so this pet care products company wants to know the formula of their newest competitor's flea collar.
We have not allowed enterprise in Europe to unlock itself and to deliver the goods.
And how many private companies act as fronts for American intelligence?
In this way, the enterprise managed not only to help workers to find accommodation but also to forge closer relationships with them.
So, you only got one shot at whatever it is this thing does.
We got one shot, and there's a million ways this fucking thing can go wrong... so everybody listen carefully.
I've already talked too loud and that fire in my apartment was their last safe shot.
It's sort of a long shot, but... Um...
Alright, it's risky, but a shot in the dark is better than nothing.
It's our last shot before we strap Glenn to the Atlas and pray we can bring him back down.
One more shot, provided we're off the island tonight.
I got really close, but... got a lateness, pretty shot anyways, so...
The thing is, we kind of only have one shot.
This may be a long shot, because my entire fund of chopper knowledge comes from flight simulator, but does that look like a jet Ranger to you?
His nerves have been strangely shaken by that sound upon the moor.
It is the sound you hear when everything is silent.
And then suddenly, in the very dead of the night, there came a sound to my ears, clear, resonant, and unmistakable.
Long afterwards when I had fallen into a light sleep I heard a key turn somewhere in a lock, but I could not tell whence the sound came.
A key turned in a lock, and as he passed in there was a curious scuffling noise from within.
"It is a lovely evening, my dear Watson," said a well-known voice.
I told you about her the other day... the one with the refined voice.
Let us now listen to a man who is indeed the voice of his people, a people who can rarely make themselves heard.
I was remembering her low voice and how bad her grammar was.
You need another voice, so you hoist up your heart and you wait and nobody passes by, just grey waves.
As from the date on which the number of members of the Governing Council exceeds 21, each member of the Executive Board shall have one vote and the number of governors with a voting right shall be 15.
No longer a Government by free opinion, no longer a Government by conviction and the vote of the majority, but a Government by the opinion and duress of a small group of dominant men."
I ask that it be corrected and that my vote on Amendment No 2 of the Desama re port be changed from 'Against' to 'In favour'.
I need you to get out on the streets... and try to win every vote you can get, especially now.
As mayor, you get a vote, along with me, as head of Global, and local law enforcement.
Vogler's just one vote. He's gotta convince the other 11 of us.
Each member of the Governing Council has one vote and, except for decisions on the ECB’s financial matters, the Governing Council takes its decisions by a simple majority.
And it's a democratically-run operation where every member has one vote and an equal say. - All in favor?
The youth vote is stronger than we ever expected... and I have you to thank for that.
